1. C. The administrator should ensure systems are not susceptible to unauthorized changes, an element of integrity. A security program should address the three core security principles of confidentiality, integrity, and availability; the system in the example is already addressing confidentiality and availability. Protecting data and securing data to prevent unauthorized disclosure addresses confidentiality. Ensuring critical systems provide uninterrupted service addresses availability. See Chapter 1.
2. B. You can maintain confidentiality of any data, including Personally Identifiable Information (Pll) with encryption. Hashes provide integrity, not confidentiality. A digital signature provides authentication, non-repudiation, and integrity. A redundant array of inexpensive disks (RAID) provides higher availability for a disk subsystem. See Chapters 1 and 10.
3. B. She is pursuing integrity by verifying the configuration files have not changed. By verifying that the hashes are the same, she also verifies that the configuration files are the same. Confidentiality is enforced with encryption, access controls, and steganography. Availability ensures systems are up and operational when needed. Safety goals help ensure the safety of personnel and/or other assets. See Chapters 1 and 10.
4. B. Layered security (or defense in depth) implements multiple controls to provide several layers of protection. In this case, the antivirus software provides one layer of protection while the firewall and the intrusion detection system (IDS) provide additional layers. Implicit deny blocks access unless it has been explicitly allowed. Least privilege ensures that users are granted only the access they need to perform their jobs, and no more. A flood guard attempts to block SYN flood attacks. See Chapter 1.
5. D. In this scenario, it's best to create a temporary password that expires after first use, which forces the user to create a new password. It's not necessary to verify the user's account exists, but the help-desk professional should verify the identity of the user. Passwords should not be available in such a way that allows help-desk professionals to look them up. It is not necessary to disable a user account to reset the password. See Chapter 1.
6. D. A hardware token (such as an RSA token) uses a one-time password for authentication in the something you have factor of authentication. Biometric methods are in the something you are factor of authentication, such as a fingerprint. A PIN and a password are both in the something you know factor of authentication and do not require a hardware token. See Chapter 1.
7. C. A retina scan is a biometric method of authentication in the something you are factor of authentication. You need to combine two or more factors of authentication for dual-factor and multifactor authentication. A Time-based One-Time Password (TOTP) is a protocol used to create passwords that expire after 30 seconds. See Chapter 1.
8. B. Users authenticate with two factors of authentication in this scenario, which is multifactor authentication or dual-factor authentication. The smart card is in the something you have factor of authentication, and the PIN is in the something you know factor of authentication. They are using more than a single factor. Mutual authentication is when both entities in the authentication process authenticate with each other, but it doesn't apply in this situation. A Time-based One-Time Password (TOTP) is a protocol used to create passwords that expire after 30 seconds. See Chapter 1.
9. B. Remote Authentication Dial-In User Service (RADIUS) is an authentication, authorization, and accounting (AAA) protocol and is the best choice. TACACS+ is proprietary to Cisco, so it won't support different vendor solutions. Diameter is preferable to RADIUS, but there is no such thing as a Circumference protocol. SAML is an SSO solution used with web-based applications. See Chapter 1.
10. C. This describes a single sign-on (SSO) solution in which users only have to log on once. Same sign-on indicates users can access multiple systems using the same credentials, but they still have to enter their credentials again each time they access a new resource. Security Assertion Markup Language (SAML) is an SSO solution used for web-based applications, but not all SSO solutions are using SAML. Biometrics is a method of authentication, such as a fingerprint, but it isn't an SSO solution. See Chapter 1.
11. C. Disk encryption is a strong technical control that can mitigate potential data losses if mobile devices are lost or stolen. Cable locks are preventive controls that can prevent the theft of mobile devices such as laptops, but they don't protect the data after the device is stolen. A risk assessment is a management control. Hardening systems helps make them more secure than their default  configuration, but doesn't necessarily protect data after the device is lost. See Chapters 2 and 5.
12. BD. Monitoring security logs and analyzing trend reports are detective controls with the goal of detecting security incidents. Installing closed-circuit television (CCTV) systems is one example of implementing a monitoring control. Hardening a system is a preventive control that includes several steps such as disabling unnecessary services, but the scenario doesn't describe these steps. Preventive controls attempt to prevent incidents, but the scenario describes detective controls. See Chapter 2.
13. B. A mantrap is highly effective at preventing unauthorized entry and can also be used to prevent tailgating. CCTV provides video surveillance and it can record unauthorized entry, but it can't prevent it. A proximity card is useful as an access control mechanism, but it won't prevent tailgating, so it isn't as useful as a mantrap. A cipher lock is a door access control, but it can't prevent tailgating. See Chapter 2.
14. ACE. The maximum password age ensures users change their passwords regularly.The password history records previously used passwords (such as the last 24 passwords) to prevent users from reusing the same passwords. The minimum password age prevents users from changing their password repeatedly to get back to their original password and should be used with the password history setting. Password length requires a minimum number of characters in a password. Password complexity requires a mix of uppercase and lowercase letters, numbers, and special characters. See Chapter 2.
15. B. The password policy should be changed to increase the minimum password length of passwords. These passwords are only four and five characters long, which is too short to provide adequate security. They are complex because they include a mixture of at least three of the following character types: uppercase letters, lowercase letters, numbers, and special characters. Password history and password reuse should be addressed if users are reusing the same passwords, but the scenario doesn't indicate this is a problem. See Chapter 2.
16. D. The best response is to disable the accounts and then enable them when needed by the contractors. Ideally, the accounts would include an expiration date so that they would automatically expire when no longer needed, but the scenario doesn't indicate the accounts have an expiration date. Because the contractors need to access the accounts periodically, it's better to disable them rather than deleting them. Resetting the accounts implies you are changing the password, but this isn't needed. See Chapter 2.
17. A. The best choice is to enable account expiratlon so that the contractor accounts are automatically disabled at the end of their projected contract time period. If contracts are extended, it's easy to enable the account and reset the account expiration date. Account disablement policies help ensure that any user accounts (not just contractors) are disabled when the user leaves the organization, but an account enablement policy isn't a valid term. An account recovery policy allows administrators to recover accounts and associated security keys for ex-employees. It's best to prohibit the use of generic accounts (such as the Guest account), so enabling generic accounts is not recommended. See Chapter 2.
18. D. A matrix of functions, roles, or job titles matched with the required access privileges for each of the functions, roles, or job titles is a common planning document for a role-based access control model. The mandatory access control (MAC) model uses sensitivity labels and classification levels. MAC is effective at restricting access based on a need to know.The discretionary access control model specifies that every object has an owner and it might identify owners in a list. See Chapter 2.
19. B. The mandatory access control (MAC) model uses labels assigned at different levels to restrict access. The discretionary access control (DAC) model assigns permissions based on object ownership. The role-based access control (role-BAC) model uses group-based privileges. The rule-based access control (rule-BAC) model uses rules that trigger in response to events. See Chapter 2.
20. BD. You can use Secure Shell (SSH) to encrypt Personally Identifiable Information (Pll) data when transmitting it over the network (data in transit). While Pretty Good Privacy (PGP)/GNU Privacy Guard (GPG) is primarily used to encrypt email, it can also be used to encrypt data at rest. File Transfer Protocol (FTP), Simple Mail Transfer Protocol (SMTP), and Hypertext Transfer Protocol (HTTP) transmit data in cleartext unless they are combined with an encryption protocol. See Chapters 3 and 10.
21. D. Secure Shell (SSH) uses Transmission Control Protocol (TCP) port 22 by default. Secure Copy (SCP) and Secure File Transfer Protocol (SFTP) both use SSH for encryption so they also use port 22 by default. FileTransfer Protocol Secure (FTPS) uses either Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) or Transport Layer Security (TLS), typicaly on ports 989 or 990. HypertextTransfer Protocol Secure (HTTPS) uses SSL or TLS on port 443. TLS and SSL do not have a default port by themselves, but instead use a default port based on the protocols they are encrypting.
22. D. He should block port 80 because web sites use HypertextTransfer Protocol (HTTP) over TCP port 80. Secure Shel (SSH) uses TCP port 22. Domain Name System (DNS) uses TCP port 53 for zone transfers.Trivial FileTransfer Protocol (TFTP) uses UDP port 69.
23. C. You can manage a remote server using Secure Shel (SSH) on TCP port 22 and Remote Desktop Protocol (RDP) on TCP port 3389. You could also use Telnet on TCP port 23, but SSH is the preferred alternative. Simple Mail Transfer Protocol (SMTP) usesTCP port 25. HypertextTransfer Protocol Secure (HTTPS) uses TCP port 443. FileTransfer Protocol (FTP) usesTCP port 21.
24. B. A Domain Name System (DNS) AAAA record identifies the IPv6 address of a given name. An A record identifies the IPv4 address of a given name. An MX record identifies a mail server. A CNAME record identifies aliases.
25. A. You can provide added security by disabling unused physical ports on the switch. If someone gains physical access to the switch by plugging in a computer to one of its unused ports, that person will not be able to connect to the network. An implicit deny rule is placed at the end of an access control list on a router to deny traffic that hasn't been explicitly allowed, but it doesn't affect physical ports differently. Spanning Tree Protocol (SIP) prevents switching loop problems and should be enabled. Secure Shell (SSH) encrypts traffic but doesn't protect a switch.
26. A. An 802.1 X server provides port-based authentication and can prevent unauthorized devices from connecting to a network. Although you can configure an 802.1 x server with a VLAN to redirect unauthorized clients, the VLAN by itself will not block unauthorized devices. A Layer 3 switch does not provide port-based authentication. Rapid Spanning Tree Protocol (RSTP) will prevent switching loop problems, but it doesn't authenticate clients.
27. C. You would most likely configure the Uniform Resource Locator (URL) filter on the unified threat management (UTM) security appliance. This would block access to the peer-to-peer sites based on their URL. Content inspection and malware inspection focus on inspecting the data as it passes through the UTM, but they do not block access to sites. Stateless inspection is packet filtering and would be extremely difficult to configure on a firewall for all peer-to-peer web sites.
28. A. Port Address Translation (PAT) is a form of Network Address Translation (NAT) and it allows many internal devices to share one public IP address. Dynamic Network Address Translation (DNAT) uses multiple public IP addresses instead of just one. Spanning Tree Protocol (STP) prevents switch loop problems and is unrelated to sharing IPs. Transport Layer Security (TLS) secures transmissions for data in transit.
29. D. You would configure an access control list (ACL) to allow traffic in or out of a network. A router is a Layer 3 device and you would configure the ACL on the router. The last rule in the ACL would be implicit deny to block all other traffic. Port security protects ports by disabling unused ports or using 802.1 x, but it cannot block specific types of traffic.
30. D. These are rules in an access control list (ACL) for a firewall. The first two rules indicate that traffic from any IP address, to any IP address, using ports 80 or 443 is permitted or allowed. The final rule is also known as an implicit deny rule and is placed last in the ACL. It ensures that all traffic that hasn't been previously allowed is denied. Layer 2 switches do not use ACLs. A proxy server would not use an ACL, although it would use ports 80 and 443 for Hypertext Transfer Protocol (HTTP) and HTTP Secure (HTTPS), respectively. A web server wouldn't use an ACL, although it would also use ports 80 and 443. See Chapter 8.
31. C. An anomaly-based (also called heuristic or behavior-based) detection system compares current activity with a previously created baseline to detect any anomalies or changes. Flood guards help protect against SYN flood attacks. Signature-based systems use signatures similar to antivirus software. A honeypot is a server designed to look valuable to an attacker and can divert attacks. See Chapter 4.
32. B. A honey net is a fake network designed to look valuable to attackers and can help security personnel learn about current attack methods. In this scenario, the security company can install honeynets in its customers' networks to lure the attackers. A vulnerability scan detects vulnerabilities, but attackers may not try to exploit them. Media access control (MAC) address filtering is a form of network access control, but can't be used to detect or learn about attacks. An evil twin is a rogue access point with the same SSID as an authorized access point. See Chapter 4.
33. C. A network intrusion prevention system (NIPS) installed on the supervisory control and data acquisition (SCADA) network can intercept malicious traffic coming into the network and is the best choice of those given. The scenario states you cannot update the SCADA systems, so you cannot install a host-based IPS (HIPS) on any of them. A firewall provides a level of protection. However, it wouldn't be able to differentiate between valid traffic sent by Lisa and malicious traffic sent by malware from Lisa's system. A honeypot might be useful to observe malicious traffic, but wouldn't prevent it. See Chapter 4.
34. D. Reducing the antenna power will make it more difficult for users outside of the conference room to connect, but will not affect visitors in the conference room. Disabling service set identifier (SSID) broadcasting will require visitors to know the SSID and enter it in their device, making it more difficult to access the wireless network. Enabling media access control (MAC) address filtering wil block visitors until an administrator adds their MAC address. Wireless jamming will prevent all mobile devices from connecting to the wireless network. See Chapter 4.
35. B. Counter Mode Cipher Block Chaining Message Authentication Code Protocol (CCMP) provides stronger encryption than Temporal Key Integrity Protocol (TKIP) and is the best choice. Replacing omnidirectional dipole antennas with directional Yagi antennas doesn't necessarily increase security and will likely limit availability. Wired Equivalent Privacy (WEP) should not be used and is not an improvement over Wi-Fi Protected Access (WPA). Disabling service set identifier (SSID) broadcast hides the network from casual users, but is not a security step. See Chapter 4.
36. A. The most likely cause is that the Remote Authentication Dial-In User Service (RADIUS) server certificate expired. An 802.1 x server is implemented as a RADIUS server and Protected Extensible Authentication Protocol (PEAP) requires a certificate. If Domain Name System (DNS) or Dynamic Host Configuration Protocol (DHCP) failed, it would affect both wired and wireless users. Media access control (MAC) address filtering might cause this symptom if all MAC addresses were blocked, but the scenario states that there weren't any network configuration changes. See Chapter 4.
37. D. Wi-Fi Protected Access II (WPA2) over Extensible Authentication Protocol (EAP)-Tunneled Transport Layer Security (EAP-TTLS)  is the best solution from the available answers. Because users must enter their usernames and passwords, an 802.1 x solution is required and EAP-TTLS meets this requirement. WPA2-preshared key (PSK) does not authenticate users based on their usernames. Wired Equivalent Privacy (WEP) is not recommended for use even with Protected EAP (PEAP). Wi-Fi Protected Setup (WPS) is a standard designed to simplify the setup of a wireless network, but it does not implement usernames, and Cisco recommends using stronger protocols rather than Lightweight EAP (LEAP). See Chapter 4.
38. B. Media access control (MAC) address filtering can block or allow access based on a device's MAC address, also known as the hardware address. Both addresses in the scenario are MAC addresses. These addresses are not Internet Protocol (IP) addresses, port numbers, or Uniform Resource Locators (URLs). See Chapter 4.
39. D. Wired Equivalent Privacy (WEP) is not recommended for use and one of the reasons Is due to weak initialization vectors (IVs) used for key transmission. It uses the RC4 stream cipher, which is a strong encryption algorithm. Disabling the service set identifier (SSID) broadcast will hide the network from casual users, but it does not provide additional security. WEP doesn't support Enterprise mode. See Chapter 4.
40. D. Bluejacking is the practice of sending unsolicited messages to other Bluetooth devices. War chalking is the practice of marking the location of wireless networks, sometimes using chalk. You can disable service set identifier (SSID) broadcasting to hide the SSID from casual users, but this isn't an attack. An evil twin is a rogue access point with the same SSID as a legitimate access point. It can be used to launch attacks against any wireless devices, but it isn't an attack against only mobile devices. See Chapter 4.
41. C. A virtual private network (VPN) using Point-to-Point Tunneling Protocol (PPTP) requires Transmission Control Protocol (TCP) port 1723 open. It would also need protocol ID 47 open, but the protocol ID is not a port. Internet Protocol security (IPsec) uses protocol ID 50 and User Datagram Protocol (UDP) port 1721. See Chapters 3 and 4.
42. A. Disabling unnecessary services is a primary method of reducing the attack surface of a host. Installing up-to-date antivirus software is a valid preventive control, but it doesn't reduce the attack surface. Identifying the baseline should be done after disabling unnecessary services. A network-based intrusion detection system (NIDS) helps protect the server, but it doesn't reduce its attack surface. See Chapter 5.
43. D. The standard image is the baseline and by comparing the list of services in the baseline with the services running on the suspect computer, you can identify unauthorized services. In this scenario, Telnet must not be in the baseline, but it is running on the suspect computer. It's possible an attacker has hijacked the computer to perform banner-grabbing attacks against external web sites, but banner grabbing doesn't verify the problem on the computer. Hardening makes a computer more secure than the default configuration, but it is done before creating a baseline. Whitelisting identifies authorized applications and prevents unauthorized applications from running. See Chapter 5.
44. A. Whitelisting identifies authorized software and prevents users from installing or running any other software. Blacklisting identifies what isn't authorized, but in this scenario the policy defines what can be instaled, not what cannot be Instaled. An acceptable use policy Is not a technical control. Bring your own device (BYOD) doesn't apply here because the devices are company-issued. See Chapter 5.
45. C. Virtualization provides a high degree of flexibility when testing security controls because testers can easily rebuild virtual systems or revert them using a snapshot. Baselines provide a known starting point, but aren't flexible because they stay the same. Hardening techniques make systems more secure than their default configuration. Patch management programs ensure patches are deployed, but do not test security controls. See Chapter 5.
46. D. An application patch management policy includes plans for identifying, testing, scheduling, and deploying updates. Patches are often applied to test systems before they are applied to live production systems and this would prevent this outage. Server applications should be kept up to date with patches. Although applying patches during nonpeak hours is a good recommendation, it would have still caused an outage in this scenario. Hardening techniques make a system more secure, but won't protect systems from a faulty patch. See Chapter 5.
47. C. A critical industrial control system implies a supervisory control and data acquisition (SCADA) system and ensuring that the system incorporates diversity into a redundant design will best meet this need of the available choices. A demilitarized zone (DMZ) provides some protection against Internet attacks, but critical industrial control systems rarely have direct Internet access. The goal in the question is to protect the SCADA system, but the SCADA system isn't a security control. The scenario is describing an embedded system. See Chapter 5.
48. A. Screen locks, device encryption, and remote wipe are all valid security controls for mobile devices. It's rare for mobile devices to have firewalls, but granting them access to supervisory control and data acquisition (SCADA) systems doesn't protect mobile devices or SCADA systems. Network access control (NAC) provides protection for networks, not mobile devices. See Chapter 5.
49. C. Screen locks provide protection for lost devices by making it more difficult for someone to access the device. Device encryption protects the data. Geo-tagging includes location information on pictures posted to social media sites. Patch management keeps devices up to date and change management helps prevent outages from unauthorized changes. Infrastructure as a Service (laaS) is a cloud-computing option. See Chapter 5.
50. B. Account lockout settings are useful on any type of device, including mobile devices and desktop systems. An account lockout setting locks a device after a specified number of incorrect password or PIN guesses; some devices can be configured to erase all the data on the device after too many incorrect guesses. Remote wiping erases all the data. Geo-tagging provides geographic location for pictures posted to social media sites. Radio-frequency identification (RFID) can be used for automated inventory control to detect movement of devices. See Chapters 1 and 5.
51. A. A core security concern with bring your own device (BYOD) policies is ensuring that they are up to date with current patches and have up-to-date antivirus signature files. Tools are available to locate lost devices even if they are employee-owned. The cost of the devices is not a security concern and not a concern to the company because employees pay for their own devices. Although ensuring that the devices are compatible with network applications is a concern, it only affects availability of the application for a single user. See Chapter 5.
52. D. Encryption is the best way to protect data, and ful device encryption protects data stored on a mobile device. Although strong passwords are useful, if a thief gets a mobile device, it's just a matter of time before the thief bypasses the password. Hashing is used for integrity, but the confidentiality of the data needs to be protected with encryption. Redundant array of inexpensive disks 6 (RAID-6) can increase availability, but not confidentiality. See Chapter 5.
53. A. A Trusted Platform Module (TPM) is Included in many new laptops and it provides a mechanism for vendors to perform hard drive encryption. Because the TPM components are included, this solution does not require purchasing additional hardware. An HSM is a removable hardware device and is not included with laptops, so it requires an additional purchase. A VM escape attack runs on a virtual system, and if successful, it allows the attacker to control the physical host server and all other virtual servers on the physical server. A network-based data loss prevention (DLP) system can examine and analyze network traffic and detect if confidential company data is included. See Chapter 5.
54. A. A data loss prevention (DLP) solution can limit documents copied to a USB drive using content filters. Many devices, such as unified threat management (UTM) devices, use content filters, so content filtering alone won't limit copies sent to a flash drive. An intrusion prevention system (IPS) scans traffic coming into a network to block attacks. Logging can record what documents were copied, but it won't limit copying. See Chapter 5.
55. A. A logic bomb is code that executes in response to an event. In this scenario, the logic bomb executes when it discovers the account is disabled (indicating Bart is no longer employed at the company). In this scenario, the logic bomb is creating a backdoor. A rootkit includes hidden processes, but it does not activate in response to an event. An armored virus uses techniques to resist reverse engineering. Ransomware demands payment as ransom. See Chapter 6.
56. C. A backdoor provides someone an alternative way of accessing the system, which is exactly what Lisa created in this scenario. It might seem as though she's doing so with good intentions, but if attackers discover a backdoor, they can exploit it. A virus tries to replicate Itself, but this account doesn't have a replication mechanism. A Trojan looks beneficial but includes a malicious component. See Chapter 6.
57. B. Shoulder surfing is the practice of viewing data by looking over someone's shoulder and it includes looking at computer monitors. Positioning monitors so that they cannot be viewed through a window reduces this threat. Phishing is an email attack. Dumpster diving is the practice of looking through dumpsters. Social engineers often try to impersonate others to trick them. See Chapter 6.
58. A. A distributed denial-of-service (DDoS) attack includes attacks from multiple systems with the goal of depleting the target's resources and this scenario Indicates multiple connection attempts from different IP addresses. A DoS attack comes from a single system, and a SYN flood attack is an example of a DoS attack. A smurf attack doesn't attempt to connect to systems but instead sends pings. Salting is a method used to prevent brute force attacks to discover passwords. See Chapter 7.
59. A. Account expiration is not an effective defense against brute force attacks. Account lockout helps protect against online brute force attacks. Password complexity and password length help protect against offline brute force attacks. See Chapters 1 and 7.
60. C. The lack of Input validation is a common coding error and it includes boundary or limit checking to validate data before using it. Proper input validation prevents many problems such as cross- site request forgery (XSRF), cross-site scripting (XSS), buffer overflow, and command injection attacks. Fuzzing injects extra data and tests the effectiveness of input validation. See Chapter 7,
61. E. Whaling Is a phlshing attack using email that targets executives and cannot be prevented with input validation. Input validation can prevent cross-site scripting (XSS), SQL injection, buffer overflow, and command injection attacks. See Chapter 7.
62. D. A buffer overflow attack sends more data or unexpected data to a system in the hopes of overloading it and causing a problem. In this case, it is sending a series of letters as the username (?username=ZZZZ....), which is likely longer than any expected username. Input validation can prevent this from succeeding. A SQL injection attack uses specific SQL code, not random letters or characters. A pharming attack attempts to redirect users from one web site to another web site. A phishing attack sends unwanted email to users. See Chapter 7.
63. C. Attackers use the phrase in SQL injection attacks to query or modify databases. A buffer overflow attack sends more data or unexpected data to an application with the goal of accessing system memory. A cross-site scripting (XSS) attack attempts to insert HTML or JavaScript code into a web site or email. A Lightweight Directory Application Protocol (LDAP) injection attack attempts to inject LDAP commands to query a directory service database. See Chapter 7.
64. B. Fuzzing sends random or unexpected input into an application to test the application's ability to handle it. Command injection attacks use formatted input. Fuzzing does not test the application using any outputs. See Chapter 7.
65. E. Purchasing insurance is a common method of risk transference. Organizations often accept a risk when the cost of the control exceeds the cost of the risk, and the risk that remains is residual risk. An organization can avoid a risk by not providing a service or not participating in a risky activity. Risk deterrence attempts to discourage attacks with preventive controls such as a security guard. Risk mitigation reduces risks through internal controls. See Chapter 8.
66. B. The annual rate of occurrence (ARC) is the best choice to identify how many times a specific type of incident occurs in a year. Annual loss expectancy (ALE) identifies the expected monetary loss for an incident and single loss expectancy (SLE) identifies the expected monetary loss for a single incident. ALE = SLE x ARC and if you know any two of these values, you can identify the third value. For example, ARC = ALE / SLE. Mean time to failure (MTTF) is not an annual figure. See Chapter 8.
67. C. The annual loss expectancy (ALE) is $15,000.The single loss expectancy (SLE) is $6,000 ($3,500 + $2,500). The annual rate of occurrence (ARC) is 2.5 (five failures in two years or 5 / 2). You calculate the ARC as SLE x ARC ($6,000 x 2.5). See Chapter 8.
68. D. An advanced persistent threat is a group of highly organized individuals, typically from a foreign country, with the ability to coordinate sophisticated attacks. Fuzzing is the practice of sending unexpected input to an application for testing and can be used in a security assessment. Sniffing is the practice of capturing traffic with a protocol analyzer. Spear phishing is a targeted phishing attack. See Chapter 8.
69. D. A vulnerability assessment identifies a system or networks security posture. A port scanner identifies services running on a system. A penetration test determines if vulnerabilities can be exploited Although a vulnerability assessment might verify if input validation methods are in place, it includes much more. See Chapter 8.
70. A. A vulnerability scan tests systems and can identify unapplied security controls and patches without attacking or compromising the systems. A penetration test potentially attacks or compromises a system. A command injection attack can also potentially cause damage. A virus scan detects viruses, but it doesn't check for security controls or patches. See Chapter 8.
71. A. A pentest (or penetration test) is the invasive type of test listed, and can potentially compromise a system. A protocol analyzer is not invasive, but it cannot determine if security controls are in place. A vulnerability scan can verify if security controls are in place and it does not try to exploit these controls using any invasive methods. Host enumeration identifies hosts on a network, but does not check for security controls. See Chapter 8.
72. B. A black box tester does not have prior knowledge when testing an application or network. White box testers have full knowledge and gray box testers have some knowledge. Black hat refers to a malicious attacker. See Chapter 8.
73. B. White box testers are provided full knowledge about the product or network they are testing. A black box tester does not have access to product documentation, and a gray box tester would have some access to product documentation. White hat refers to a security professional working within the law. See Chapter 8.
74. B. You can use a protocol analyzer (or sniffer) to capture traffic on a network, and then analyze the capture to identify and quantify all the traffic on the network. Penetration tests (including black box tests) attempt to identify and exploit vulnerabilities. A baseline review can identify changes from standard configurations, but they don't necessarily identify all traffic on a network. See Chapter 8.
75. A. Routine auditing of the help desk or administrator logs can discover incidents and then match them with reported incidents. A review of user rights and permissions helps ensure they are assigned and maintained appropriately, but do not help with ensuring incidents are reported correctly. A design review ensures that systems and software are developed properly. An incident response team responds to incidents, but they wouldn't necessarily ensure administrators are informed of incidents. See Chapter 8.
76. A. User rights and permissions reviews should occur at least once a year, and some organizations do them more often. Every five years is too long. Organizations with a high turnover rate might have employees leaving every week and it's not feasible to do a review that often. Performing a review in a response to incidents won't necessarily prevent incidents. See Chapter 8.
77. D. Account management controls ensure that accounts only have the permissions they need and no more, and would ensure that user permissions are removed when users no longer need them. User rights and permission reviews also help ensure the controls are effective. A role-based access control (role-BAC) model uses group-based permissions, but it doesn't force administrators to take a user out of a security group when the user moves to a different Job. An account disablement policy ensures accounts are disabled when an employee leaves. A vulnerability assessment might detect this as it reviews the organization's security posture, but it won't prevent it. See Chapters 2 and 8.
78. B. A redundant array of inexpensive disks 6 (RAID-6) subsystem provides fault tolerance for disks, and increases data availability. A failover cluster provides fault tolerance for servers and can increase data availability but is significantly more expensive than a RAID subsystem. Backups help ensure data availability, but they do not help with fault tolerance. An uninterruptible power supply (UPS) provides fault tolerance for power, but not necessarily for data. See Chapter 9.
79. D. A mobile site is a self-contained transportable unit that can be moved around without having a dedicated site. Cold sites, warm sites, and hot sites are dedicated locations. See Chapter 9.
80. B. Succession planning identifies people within an organization who can fill leadership positions if they become vacant. It is also helpful during a disaster by ensuring people understand their roles and responsibilities. A succession planning chart is often in a business continuity plan (BCP), but business continuity planning is much broader than just succession planning. A separation of duties policy separates individual tasks of an overall function between different people. IT contingency planning focuses on recovery of IT systems. See Chapter 9.
81. C. The best way to test elements of a business continuity plan (BCP) or disaster recovery plan (DRP) is to test the plan by performing a disaster recovery exercise. Asking managers if they are ready and reviewing the plan are both helpful, but not as effective as an exercise. Performing a test restore verifies the backup capabilities, but not necessarily the steps required when implementing a warm site. See Chapter 9.
82. D. Electromagnetic interference (EMI) shielding provides protection against EMI sources such as fluorescent lights. Heating, ventilation, and air conditioning systems provide protection from overheating. Fire suppression systems provide protection from fire. Humidity controls provide protection against electrostatic discharge (ESD) and condensation. See Chapter 9.
83. B. The checksum (also known as a hash) provides integrity for the patches and updates so that users can verify they have not been modified. Installing patches and updates increases the availability of the application. Confidentiality is provided by encryption.The checksums are for the updates and patches, so they do not provide integrity for the application. See Chapter 10.
84. D. A hash function creates a string of characters (typically displayed in hexadecimal) when executed against a file or message, and hashing functions cannot be reversed to re-create the original data. Encryption algorithms (including symmetric encryption, asymmetric encryption, and stream ciphers) create ciphertext from plaintext data, but they include decryption algorithms to re-create the original data. See Chapter 10.
85. B. A stream cipher encrypts data a single bit or a single byte at a time and is more efficient when the size of the data is unknown, such as streaming audio or video. A block cipher encrypts data in specific-sized blocks, such as 64-bit blocks or 128-bit blocks. Advanced Encryption Standard (AES), Data Encryption Standard (DES), and Message Digest 5 (MD5) are al block ciphers. See Chapter 10.
86. C. The simplest upgrade is Triple Data Encryption Standard (3DES). Advanced Encryption Standard (AES) is stronger, but considering these are legacy systems, their hardware is unlikely to support AES and 3DES is a suitable alternative. Hash-based Message Authentication Code (HMAC) is a hashing algorithm used to verify the integrity and authenticity of messages. Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) requires the use of certificates, so it would require a Public Key Infrastructure (PKI), which is not a simple solution. See Chapter 10.
87. A. The best choice is file encryption to protect the passwords in this list. If the passwords were stored in a database, it would be appropriate to encrypt the fields in the database holding the passwords. It's rarely desirable to encrypt an entire database. Whole disk encryption is appropriate for mobile devices. See Chapters 5 and 10.
88. C. The most likely issue is that Bart is embedding data in the pictures using steganography techniques. The scenario doesn't give any indications that he is copying the data to a USB drive or encrypting the data, and these actions don't indicate he is leaking the data. If he was sending the data as text in the emails, it would be apparent. See Chapter 10.
89. A. Hash-based Message Authentication Code (HMAC) is used with Internet Protocol security (IPsec) and is more likely to be used than any of the other choices. RFC 4835 mandates the use of HMAC for authentication and integrity. When encryption is used, it also mandates the use of either Advanced Encryption Standard (AES) or Triple Data Encryption Standard (3DES). It does not list Blowfish orTwofish. Message Digest 5 (MD5) is a hashing algorithm. See Chapter 10.
90. D. Lisa would decrypt the email with her private key and Bart would encrypt the email with Lisa's public key. Although not part of this scenario, if Bart wanted Lisa to have verification that he sent it, he would create a digital signature with his private key and Lisa would decrypt the private key with Bart's public key. Bart does not need his keys to encrypt email sent to someone else. See Chapter 10.
91. A. If Acme submitted the bid via email using a digital signature, it would provide proof that the bid was submitted by Acme. Digital signatures provide verification of who sent a message, non-repudiation preventing them from denying it, and integrity verifying the message wasn't modified. Integrity verifies the message wasn't modified. Repudiation isn't a valid security concept. Encryption protects the confidentiality of data, but it doesn't verify who sent it or provide non-repudiation. See Chapter 10.
92. C. Password-Based Key Derivation Function 2 (PBKDF2) is a key stretching technique designed to protect against brute force attempts and is the best choice of the given answers. Another alternative is bcrypt. Both salt the password with additional bits. Triple DES (3DES) is an encryption protocol. Passwords stored using Message Digest 5 (MD5) are easier to crack because they don't use salts. Storing the passwords in encrypted database fields is a possible solution, but just storing them in unencrypted database fields does not protect them at all. See Chapter 10.
93. C. A certificate revocation list (CRL) is a list of certificates that a Certificate Authority (CA) has revoked. The CA stores a database repository of revoked certificates and issues the CRL to anyone who requests it. The Online Certificate Status Protocol (OCSP) validates trust with certificates, but only returns short responses such as good, unknown, or revoked. A certificate signing request (CSR) is used to request certificates. See Chapter 10.
94. B. Written security policies are management controls. Encryption and the principle of least privilege are technical controls. Change management is an operational control. See Chapter 11.
95. D. A separation of duties policy prevents any single person from performing multiple job functions that might allow the person to commit fraud. A mandatory vacation policy is useful to discover fraud committed by an infividual, but this scenario clearly indicated this individual controls too many job functions. Although mandatory access control is the strongest access control method available, it doesn’t separate job functions. Change management ensured changes are reviewed before being implemented.
96. B. A change management policy helps reduce risk associated with making any changes to systems including updating them. Load balancing can create the availability associated with an increased load but now with updated. Incident management refers to security incidents. Key management refers to encryption keys.
97. D. A successful attack on a social media site resulting in a data breach can expose the passwords and ultimately affect the company application. Users won’t use their company credentials to access the social media site, so this doesn’t present a risk to the social media site. Security Assertion Markup Language (SAML) is an Extensible Markup Language (XML)-based data format used foir SSO on web browsers and it is commonly used on the Internet.
98. B. At this stage the first response is incident identification. The preparation phase is performed before an incident and includes steps to prevent incidents. After identifying this as a valid incident (malware infection) the next step is escalation and notification and then mitigation steps.
99. A. Chain of custody is the primary issue here because the computer was left unattended for several hours. It’s difficult to prove that the data collected is the same data that was on the employee’s computer when it was confiscated. Data captured from a disk is not volatile so is not an issue in this scenario. The time offset refers to logged times and is not related to this question. Metrics are measurement tools, such as those used to measure the success of a security awareness program.
100. D. The best choice of the available answers is to implement a program to increase security awareness, and it could focus on social engineerings attacks. A bring your own device(BYOD) policy or an acceptable use policy (AUP) doesn’t apply in this scenario. Training is useful, but training users on data handling won’t necessarily educate them on social engineering attacks.
1001. C. Encryption is the best choice to provide confidentiality of any type of information, including Personally Identifiable Information (Pll). Hashing, digital signatures, and certificates all provide integrity, not confidentiality.
1002. B. Integrity provides assurances that data has not been modified, and integrity is commonly enforced with hashing. Confidentiality prevents unauthorized disclosure of data but doesn't address modifications of data. Availability ensures systems are up and operational when needed and uses fault tolerance and redundancy methods. Authentication provides proof that users are who they claim to be.
1003. D. Your organization is pursuing availability. A failover cluster uses redundant servers to ensure a service will continue to operate even if one of the servers fail. Safety methods provide safety for personnel and other assets. Integrity methods ensure that data has not been modified. Confidentiality methods such as encryption prevent the unauthorized disclosure of data.
1004. D. Lighting and fencing are two methods that can enhance the security goal of safety. Confidentiality is enhanced with encryption and access controls. Integrity is enhanced with hashing, certificates, and digital signatures. Availability is enhanced with redundancy and fault-tolerance procedures.
1005. A. The email address provides identification for you and your account. The password combined with the email address provides authentication, proving who you are. Based on your identity, you are granted authorization to view your account details. Availability is unrelated to identification, authentication, and authorization.
1006. B. The password history indicates how many passwords a system remembers and how many different passwords must be used before a password can be reused. Password length identifies the minimum number of characters. Password maximum age identifies when users must change passwords. Password minimum age identifies the length of time that must pass before users can change a password again.
1007. C. Before resetting a user's password, it's important to verify the user's identity. Users often need the password reset because they have forgotten their original password, so it's not possible to verify the user's original password. It's not necessary to disable a user account to reset the password. You would enable the account if it was disabled or locked out, but the scenario doesn't indicate this is the case.
1008. B. A Time-based One-Time Password (TOTP) meets this requirement. Passwords created with TOTP expire after 30 seconds. HMAC-based One-Time Password (HOTP) creates passwords that do not expire. A Common Access Card (CAC) is a type of smart card, but it does not create passwords. Kerberos uses tickets instead of passwords.
1009. B. A fingerprint scan is a biometric method of authentication in the something you are factor of authentication. The something you have factor of authentication refers to something you can hold, such as a hardware token for a one-time password. Password Authentication Protocol (PAP) is an authentication method that sends passwords across the network in cleartext.
1010. A. Both the password and the PIN are in the something you know factor of authentication, so this is single-factor authentication. Two-factor authentication requires the use of two different authentication factors. Multi-factor authentication requires two or more factors of authentication. Mutual authentication is when both entities in the authentication process authenticate with each other and it doesn't apply in this situation.
1011. A. A hardware token (such as an RSA token or a USB token) is in the something you have factor of authentication and the PIN is in the something you know factor of authentication. Combined, they provide dual-factor authentication. The remaining answers only provide single-factor authentication. A fingerprint scan and a retina scan are both in the something you are factor of authentication. A password and a PIN are both in the something you know factor of authentication. A smart card is in the something you have factor of authentication.
1012. B. This is dual-factor authentication because users must authenticate with two different factors of authentication (something you are and something you know). Passwords are in the something you know factor and biometrics are in the something you are factor, but the scenario includes both factors, not just one. Diameter is a remote access authentication service that supports Extensible Authentication Protocol (BAP).
1013. C. Kerberos uses a ticket-granting ticket server to create tickets for users and these tickets include user credentials for authentication. Remote Authentication Dial-In User Service (RADIUS) provides authentication for remote users. Diameter is an alternative to RADIUS and it can utilize Extensible Authentication Protocol (EAP). Lightweight Directory Access Protocol (LDAP) is an X.SOO-based authentication service.
1014. A. Kerberos uses a ticket-granting ticket server for authentication. Users claim an identity with a username for identification. They prove their identity with credentials for authentication and Kerberos incorporates these credentials in tickets. Users are authorized access to resources with permissions, but only after they have been authenticated by an authentication service such as Kerberos. Access controls restrict access to resources after users are identified and authenticated.
1015. D. Lightweight Directory Access Protocol (LDAP) uses X.SOO-based phrases to identify components and Secure LDAP can be encrypted with Transport Layer Security (TLS). Security Assertion Markup Language (SAML) is an Extensible Markup Language (XML) used for single sign-on (SSO), but it is not based on X.500. Diameter is an alternative to Remote Authentication Dial-In User Service (RADIUS), but neither of these are based on X.500.
1016. A. This is an example of single sign-on (SSO) capabilities because you can log on once and access al the resources without entering your credentials again. Same sign-on requires you to reenter your credentials for each new site, but you use the same credentials. Security Assertion Markup Language (SAML) is an SSO solution used for web-based applications and the bank might be using SAML, but other SSO solutions are also available. Kerberos is used in an internal network.
1017. D. Security Assertion Markup Language (SAML) is an Extensible Markup Language (XML) used for single sign-on (SSO) solutions. Remote Authentication Dial-In User Service (RADIUS) is a remote access authentication service. Diameter is an alternative to RADIUS. Terminal Access Controller Access-Control System Plus (TACACS+) is an authentication service that replaces the older TACACS protocol. RADIUS, Diameter, and TACACS+ do not use XML.
1018. D. Both Password Authentication Protocol (PAP) and Challenge Handshake Authentication Protocol (CHAP) use Point-to-Point Protocol (PPP). Diameter is an authentication service, but biometrics is an authentication method. Kerberos is an authentication service, but it doesn't use PPP and Lightweight Directory Access Protocol (LDAP) as a method of querying directories. Security Assertion Markup Language (SAML) is an Extensible Markup Language (XML)-based data format used for single sign-on (SSO), but it doesn't use PPP.
1019. B. Diameter is an alternative to Remote Authentication Dial-In User Service (RADIUS) and it can utilize Extensible Authentication Protocol (EAP). Terminal Access Controller Access-Control System Plus (TACACS+) is an authentication service that replaces older TACACS. Kerberos is an internal authentication protocol that uses tickets. Secure Lightweight Directory Access Protocol (LDAP) is an X.SOO-based authentication service that can be secured with Transport Layer Security (TLS).
1020. BD. Both Remote Authentication Dial-In User Service (RADIUS) and Diameter are authentication services for remote users and devices. Diameter is more secure than RADIUS. Kerberos is an authentication service used with a domain or realm and Secure Lightweight Directory Access Protocol (LDAP) uses Transport Layer Security (TLS) for encryption and is used to query directories.
2001. B. Security controls are classified as technical (implemented by technical means), management (implemented administratively), and operational (for day-to-day operations). Access control methods are role-based, rule-based, mandatory, and discretionary. Physical and logical are not terms used to describe security control classifications, even though some controls are physical and some are logical. Although technical is a security control classification, preventive refers to a security control goal.
2002. A. Disabling unnecessary services is one of several steps you can take to harden a server and it is a preventive control. Identifying the initial baseline configuration is useful to determine the security posture of the system, but by itself it doesn't prevent attacks. Hardware locks are useful to protect a server room where a web server operates, but it doesn't reduce the attack surface. Monitoring logs and trend analysis are detective controls, not preventive controls.
2003. A. A hardware lock is a physical security control. It's also a deterrent control because it would deter someone from entering. Data encryption is a technical control designed to protect data and is not a physical security control. A vulnerability assessment is a management control designed to discover vulnerabilities, but it is not a physical control.Training users is an effective preventive control, but it is not a physical control.
2004. ACD. A biometric reader used for access control, a mantrap, and a closed-circuit television (CCTV) system all provide strong physical security for accessing a data center. Cable locks are effective theft deterrents for mobile devices such as laptops, but they don't protect data centers.
2005. D. A mantrap controls access to a secure area, and only allows a single person to pass at a time. The scenario describes the social engineering tactic of tailgating, not the control to prevent it. Some sophisticated mantraps include identification and authorization systems, such as biometric systems or smart cards and PINs. However, biometrics and smart cards used for physical security do not restrict passage to one person at a time unless they are combined with a mantrap.
2006. B. Security guards can protect access to restricted areas with facial recognition and by checking identities of personnel before letting them in. Bollards are effective barricades to block vehicles, but they do not block personnel. Palm scanners are effective biometric access devices, but they do not use facial recognition. Video surveillance can monitor who goes in and out of an area, but it cannot control the access.
2007. C. Closed-circuit television (CCTV) or a similar video surveillance system can monitor the entrance and record who enters and exits the area. A mantrap prevents tailgating, but it doesn't necessarily identify individuals. An access list is useful if a guard is identifying users and allowing access based on the access list, but the access list does not identify users. Bollards are a type of barricade that protects building entrances.
2008. B. Bollards are effective barricades that can block vehicles. Guards can restrict access for personnel, but they cannot stop trucks from ramming through a building. Closed-circuit television (CCTV) or a similar video surveillance system can monitor the entrance, but it won't stop the attack. Mantraps prevent tailgating, but they most likely won't stop a truck.
2009. A. When following the principle of least privilege, individuals have only enough rights and permissions to perform their job, and this is exactly what is described in this scenario. Need to know typically refers to data and information rather than the privileges required to perform an action, such as adding computers to a domain. User-based privileges refer to giving permissions to individual users rather than groups, and this question doesn't address either user-based privileges or group-based privileges. Separation of duties is a principle that prevents any single person or entity from being able to complete all the functions of a critical or sensitive process, and it isn't addressed in this question either.
2010. D. The application should be recoded to adhere to the company's password policy, so the best response is to direct the application team manager to do so. Application passwords should be strong and should adhere to an organization's security policy. It is not appropriate to weaken a security policy to match a weakness in an application. Nor is it appropriate to simply document that the application uses a weak password.
2011. BD. Password complexity and password length provide the best security. Complexity requires a mix of uppercase and lowercase letters, numbers, and special characters. Length requires a minimum number of characters in the password. Maximum password age requires users to change their password regularly, but by itself allows simple or short passwords. Password history prevents users from reusing passwords.
2012. A. User accounts typically have security keys associated with them. These keys are retained when the account is disabled, but they are no longer accessible when the account is deleted. By disabling the account, it helps ensure that access to files is retained, but it does not directly retain user files. Employees who leave are not expected to return, so this policy has nothing to do with making it easier to enable an account when they return. Users will not be able to use the accounts locally or remotely if they are disabled or deleted, which is a primary reason to have an account management policy.
2013. C. When creating temporary accounts, it's best to configure expiration dates so that the system will automatically disable the accounts on the specified date. History, password expiration, and complexity all refer to password policy settings. However, it's rare to configure a specific password policy on a single account.
2014. A. The most likely reason of those given is that shared accounts are not prohibited, allowing multiple users to access the same file. For example, if the Guest account is enabled and used as a shared account by all users, the logs will indicate the Guest account accessed the file, but it won't identify specific individuals. It doesn't matter how permissions are assigned in order for a log to identify who accessed the file. Account lockout stops someone from guessing a password, but it doesn't affect file access logs.
2015. B. A time-of-day access control restricts access based on the time of day. It is sometimes used to prevent employees from logging on or accessing resources after normal work hours and during weekends. None of the other options restrict access-based dates or times.
2016. C. The role-based access control model is the best choice for assigning access based on job functions. A discretionary access control model specifies that every object has an owner and owners have full control over objects, but it isn't related to Job functions. Mandatory access control uses labels and a lattice to grant access rather than Job functions. A rule-based access control model uses rules that trigger in response to events.
2017. C. Using group-based privileges is the best choice to meet the needs of this scenario. For example, you can create a DB_Group and a Web_Group, assign appropriate privileges to the groups, and add intern accounts to the groups based on their assignments. User-based privileges take too much time to manage because you'd have to implement them separately. Generic accounts such as the Guest account should not be used.
2018. A. Group-based privileges reduce the administrative workload related to account management because privileges are assigned to groups that share common responsibilities. User-based privileges are extremely tedious and time consuming because privileges are assigned to all users individually. Generic accounts such as Guest should not be used. Implementing periodic user access reviews is a best practice to ensure accounts are managed properly, but they do not reduce the administrative workload.
2019. D. A rule-based access control system (rule-BAC) Is in place in this scenario with a rule designed to trigger a change in permissions based on an event. The mandatory access control (MAC) model uses labels to identify users and data, and is used in systems requiring a need to know. A discretionary access control (DAC) model does not use triggers. A role-based access control (role-BAC) system uses group-based privileges.
2020. C. Mandatory access control (MAC) is an access control model that can be used in systems requiring a need to know. It uses labels to identify users and data. If the user has the correct label needed to access the data, the user is authorized access. A USB token and a PIN provide two factors of authentication, but the question asks what is needed for authorization. A username provides identification and a password provides authentication. A rule-based access control system (rule-BAC) uses rules to trigger a change in permissions based on an event, or rules within an access control list (ACL) on hardware devices such as routers.
3001. B. IPv6 uses the Neighbor Discovery Protocol (NOP) to resolve IPv6 addresses to media access control (MAC) addresses (also called hardware addresses). IPv4 uses the Address Resolution Protocol (ARP) to resolve IPv4 addresses to MAC addresses. Remote Desktop Protocol (RDP) Is used to connect to remote systems over port TCP 3389. Administrators use Simple Network Management Protocol (SNMP) to monitor and manage network devices.
3002. A. Secure Shell (SSH) uses Transmission Control Protocol (TCP) port 22 by default, and It Is commonly used with other protocols, such as Secure Copy (SCP) and Secure File Transfer Protocol (SFTP).Telnet uses port 23. SMTP uses port 25. HTTP uses port 80.
3003. C. You should create a rule to allow traffic using Transmission Control Protocol (TCP) port 22. Secure File Transfer Protocol (SFTP) uses Secure Shell (SSH) on TCP port 22. FTP uses TCP port 21. SSH does not use DDR
3004. C. FlleTransfer Protocol (FTP) is the best choice to send large files, and Secure FlleTransfer Protocol (SFTP) Is the best choice to send large files that need to be protected with encryption. SFTP encrypts data with Secure Shell (SSH) on port 22. FTP data Is cleartext and Is not suitable for proprietary data. Simple Network Management Protocol (SNMP) Is used to manage network devices. Secure Shell (SSH) provides encryption for other protocols, but is not the best choice to send files without combining It with FTP (as SFTP).
3005. A. Transport Layer Security (TLS) Is a good choice to create a secure connection between two systems over the Internet. Although the malls servers will likely exchange mall using Simple Mall Transfer Protocol (SMTP), SMTP by Itself will not create a secure link. Similarly, Hypertext Transfer Protocol (HTTP) doesn't create a secure link. Although Secure Shell (SSH) creates a secure connection. It Isn't used with SMTP.
3006. C. You should disable the Secure Shell (SSH) and Hypertext Transfer Protocol (HTTP) services because they useTCP ports 22 and 80 by default. FlleTransfer Protocol (FTP) uses ports 20 and 21. Domain Name System (DNS) uses port 53.Telnet uses port 23. Kerberos uses port 88.
3007. B. You should block UDP port 69 to block Trivial FlleTransfer Protocol (TFTP). TFTP does not use TCP. FlleTransfer Protocol (FTP) uses TCP port 21.
3008. A. Network Basic Input/Output System (NetBIOS) uses ports 137 through 139. File Transfer Protocol (FTP) uses ports 20 and 21. Hypertext Transfer Protocol (HTTP) uses port 80 and HTTP Secure (HTTPS) uses port 443. You can connect to remote systems with Secure Shell (SSH) using port 22, and Remote Desktop Protocol (RDP) using port 3389.
3009. C. Simple Network Management Protocol version 3 (SNMPv3) monitors and manages network devices. She can use Telnet to connect to the devices, but not monitor them. Secure Shell (SSH) is a more secure alternative than Telnet, but It cannot monitor the devices either. Domain Name System (DNS) provides name resolution services.
3010. A. You can divide any classful IP address range by subnetting It. This breaks up a larger range of IP addresses Into smaller network segments or blocks of IP addresses. A virtual local area network (VLAN) divides groups of computers logically, but doesn't use IP ranges. A demilitarized zone (DMZ) is a buffered zone between a protected network and a public network. Spanning Tree Protocol (SIP) prevents looping problems caused by incorrect cabling.
3011. C. Berkeley Internet Name Domain (BIND) is a type of Domain Name System (DNS) software commonly used on the Internet and in some internal networks, so a BIND server is a DNS server. BIND runs on Unix servers, but not all Unix servers are BIND servers. Apache is a type of web server software that runs on Unix and Linux systems.
3012. B. By implementing secure zone transfers on internal Domain Name System (DNS) servers, it prevents attackers from downloading zone data and mapping out IP addresses and devices. Subnetting divides classful IP address ranges into smaller subnets, but it doesn't prevent attacks. DNS name resolution queries use UDP port 53, so blocking outgoing traffic on UDP port 53 would prevent internal users from using DNS on the Internet. A web application firewall (WAF) protects a web server.
3013. D. Spanning Tree Protocol (STP) or Rapid STP (RSTP) will prevent switching loop problems. It's rare for a wiring error to take down a switch. However, if two ports on a switch are connected to each other, it creates a switching loop and effectively disables the switch. An intrusion detection system (IDS) will not prevent a switching loop. Layer 2 switches are susceptible to this problem. Administrators use Simple Network Management Protocol (SNMP) to manage and monitor devices, but it doesn't prevent switching loops.
3014. C. An 802.1X server provides port-based authentication and can authenticate clients. Clients that cannot authenticate (the guests in this scenario) can be redirected to a virtual local area network (VLAN) that grants them Internet access, but not access to the internal network. None of the other solutions provides port security or adequate network separation. Port Address Translation (PAT) and Network Address Translation (NAT) each translate private IP addresses to public IP addresses. A demilitarized zone (DMZ) provides a buffer zone between a public network and a private network for public-facing servers. A virtual private network (VPN) provides access to a private network via a public network. Routers work on Layer 3, and Layer 3 switches mimic some of the functionality of routers.
3015. DE. The easiest way is to change the implicit allow rule to implicit deny and that is preferred because it will protect the server from unwanted traffic. You can also deny all IP traffic using port 53 with DENY IP ALL ALL 53. DNS requests use UDP port 53, and zone transfers use TCP port 53 so both UDP 53 and TCP port 53 need to be blocked. You can achieve that goal with DENY IP ALL ALL 53.
3016. C. A URL filter blocks access to specific web sites based on their URLs. Proxy servers and unified threat management (UTM) devices include URL filters. UTM devices include content inspection to identify and filter out different types of files and traffic, and malware inspection to identify and block malware. A web application firewall (WAF) protects a web server from incoming attacks.
3017. B. A unified threat management (UTM) device combines multiple security controls into a single device. Single sign-on allows users to sign on once and access multiple resources without signing on again. Users can access a private network over a public network via a virtual private network (VPN). You can configure a virtual local area network (VLAN) on a switch to group computers together logically.
3018. C. A demilitarized zone (DMZ) is a buffered zone between a private network and the Internet, and it will separate the web server's web-facing traffic from the internal network. You can use a virtual local area network (VLAN) to group computers together based on job function or some other administrative need, but it is created on switches in the internal network. A firewall does provide protection for the web server, but doesn't necessarily separate the web-facing traffic from the internal network. A web application firewall (WAF) protects a web server from incoming attacks, but it does not necessarily separate Internet and internal network traffic.
3019. B. IPv6 includes the use of Internet Protocol security (IPsec), so it is the best choice and it operates on Layer 3 of the Open Systems Interconnection (051) reference model. IPv4 doesn't support IPsec natively. Although you can use Secure Shell (SSH) instead of Telnet, they both operate on Layer 7 of the OSI model. IPv6 operates on Layer 3. Secure File Transfer Protocol (SFTP) is useful for encrypting large files in transit, but it doesn't encrypt Telnet traffic.
3020. C. A web application firewall (WAF) operates on multiple layers up to Layer 7 of the OSI model and blocks attacks against a web server. An intrusion detection system (IDS) also operates on multiple layers up to Layer 7 of the OSI model; however, it is more effective at detecting attacks than blocking them. A router operates on Layer 3 of the OSI model and it can perform packet filtering. A stateless firewall only performs packet filtering and isn't effective against Application layer attacks.
4001. A. Intrusion detection systems (IDSs) and intrusion prevention systems (IPSs) include sniffing capabilities allowing them to inspect packet streams for malicious activity. None of the other tools have the capability of inspecting packets. A wireless access point (WAP) provides access to a wired network for wireless devices. A virtual private network (VPN) provides access to an internal network for remote users. A network access control (NAG) system inspects clients to ensure they meet minimum security requirements.
4002. B. If the issue has an assigned number, it must be known, so it is signature-based. A host-based intrusion detection system (HIDS) is not network-based. A heuristic-based (or anomaly-based) detection system catches issues that are not previously known.
4003. C. An anomaly-based (also called heuristic or behavior-based) detection system compares current activity with a previously created baseline to detect any anomalies or changes. A network firewall blocks and allows traffic, but does not detect unusual traffic. Signature-based systems use signatures similar to antivirus software. A honeypot is a server designed to look valuable to an attacker and can divert attacks.
4004. B. False positives can cause an increased workload because they falsely indicate an alert has occurred. A false negative doesn't report an actual attack, so it doesn't increase the workload because administrators are unaware of the attack. Separation of duties ensures a single person can't control an entire process, so it is unrelated to increased workload. Signature-based intrusion detection systems (IDSs) don't necessarily cause an increased workload unless they have a high incidence of false positives.
4005. C. A honeypot is a server designed to look valuable to an attacker and can help administrators learn about zero-day exploits, or previously unknown attacks. Security personnel perform a pen test (or penetration test) to determine if attackers can exploit existing vulnerabilities, but attackers may not try to do so. A host-based intrusion detection system (HIDS) attempts to detect intrusions on an individual host, but may not catch new methods against the network. Firewall logs can log connections, but don't identify new attack methods.
4006. D. A honeypot can divert malicious attacks to a harmless area of your network, such as away from production servers holding valid data. An intrusion prevention system (IPS) can block attacks, but it doesn't divert it. A proxy server can filter and cache content from web pages, but doesn't divert attacks. A web application firewall (WAF) is an additional firewall designed to protect a web application.
4007. C. Heuristic analysis has the best chance of detecting a zero-day attack. A zero-day attack is one that is unknown to vendors and because this attack doesn't have a signature, it is most likely unknown. Definition-based intrusion detection systems (IDSs) are the same as signature-based IDSs. Many signatures are based on the Common Vulnerabilities and Exposures (CVE) list. A phishing attack is an email, not an attack on a server.
4008. A. A Yagi antenna is a high-gain directional antenna with a very narrow radiation pattern and is an ideal choice for this scenario. An isotropic antenna is theoretical and indicates the signal goes in all directions equally. Omnidirectional and dipole antennas attempt to mimic an isotropic antenna, but have stronger gains horizontally then vertically, assuming they are standing vertically.
4009. B. Temporal Key Integrity Protocol (TKIP) uses RC4and is compatible with older hardware so Wi-Fi Protected Access (WPA) with TKIP is the best option for this network. Wired Equivalent Privacy (WEP) uses RC4, but it is not secure and should not be used. WPA with Advanced Encryption Standard (AES) is stronger, but it uses AES instead of RC4. Wi-Fi Protected Access II (WPA2) Enterprise requires an 802.1 x server and does not use RC4.
4010. D. Wi-Fi Protected Access II (WPA2) provides the strongest level of security of the available answers. Wired Equivalent Privacy (WEP) is weak and should not be used. Disabling service set identifier (SSID) broadcast hides the network from casual users, but attackers can still discover it because the SSID is still included in some packets in plaintext. Attackers can bypass media access control (MAC) address filtering by spoofing authorized MAC addresses.
4011. D. Wi-Fi Protected Access II (WPA2) with Counter Mode Cipher Block Chaining Message Authentication Code Protocol (CCMP) provides the best security of those listed. Wired Equivalent Privacy (WEP) is not secure and is not available in Enterprise mode. CCMP is stronger than Temporal Key Integrity Protocol (TKIP). Service set identifier (SSID) broadcast indicates the network name is broadcast, but this doesn't provide any security. If SSID broadcast is disabled, it hides the network from casual users, but attackers can still see it.
4012. A. WPA2 Enterprise requires an 802.1x authentication server and most implementations require a digital certificate installed on the server. The network will likely have Dynamic Host Configuration Protocol (DHCP) and Domain Name System (DNS) services, but it isn't necessary to install them on the authentication server. Wired Equivalent Privacy (WEP) provides poor security and is not compatible with WPA2 Enterprise.
4013. A. Open System Authentication is the best choice of those given for a public wireless hotspot. It is used with Wired Equivalent Privacy (WEP), doesn't require users to enter a pre-shared key or passphrase, and doesn't require the business owner to give out this information. It's also possible to disable security for the hot spot. Media access control (MAC) address filtering would be very difficult to maintain. Disabling service set identifier (SSID) broadcasting would make it difficult to find the wireless network, and installing a directional Yagi antenna isn't appropriate for a hot spot that needs an omnidirectional antenna.
4014. A. A media access control (MAC) address filter allows (or blocks) devices based on their MAC addresses, so it is likely that the filter is allowing Homer's smartphone but not allowing his laptop computer. Enabling the service set identifier (SSID) makes the network easier to see by casual users, but it does not block access even if SSID broadcast is disabled. Wi-Fi Protected Access II (WPA2) and Counter Mode Cipher Block Chaining Message Authentication Code Protocol (CCMP) both provide strong security, but they do not differentiate between devices.
4015. C. You can disable service set identifier (SSID) broadcasting to prevent users from easily discovering the wireless networks. None of the other methods hide the network. Counter Mode Cipher Block Chaining Message Authentication Code Protocol (CCMP) provides stronger security for Wi-Fi Protected Access II (WPA2) and WPA2 Enterprise adds authentication for a wireless network. Media access control (MAC) address filtering can restrict access to the wireless network.
4016. D. A Wi-Fi Protected Access (WPA) cracking attack captures traffic and then performs an offline brute force attack to discover the encryption key. Wi-Fi Protected Setup (WPS) attacks also use a brute force attack, but do not need to wait for an authorized client to connect. Initialization vector (IV) attacks often use packet injection techniques to generate more traffic in Wired Equivalent Privacy (WEP) attacks.
4017. B. This indicates a rogue access point because the organization is hosting three wireless networks, but the survey found four. A rogue access point typically has a similar name (such as GetCertifiedGetEmployee in this example). An evil twin will have the exact name as an authorized WAP. An interference or jamming attack would make it difficult to connect to the access points causing users to disconnect often. Near field communication (NFC) refers to two devices communicating when they are close to each other and is unrelated to this scenario.
4018. A. Attacker sare able to access data (including email contact lists) on a smartphone in a bluetooth attack. War chalking is the practice of marking the location of wireless networks. War driving is the practice of looking for wireless networks, often by driving around. Bluejacking is the practice of sending unsolicited messages to other Bluetooth devices.
4019. C. Internet Protocol secure (IPsec) is one of several protocols used to secure virtual private network (VPN) traffic. It is the best choice of the available answers. Hypertext Transfer Protocol (HTTP) doesn't provide any security. Secure File Transfer Protocol (SFTP) secures FTP transmissions but not VPNs. Point-to-Point Tunneling Protocol (PPTP) is an older protocol used with VPNs, but it is not as secure as IPsec.
4020. D. Network access control is a group of technologies that can inspect systems and control their access to a network. In this scenario, NAC changed the computer's IP address to quarantine it in a restricted virtual local area network (VLAN). Near field communication (NFC) refers to standards that allow mobile devices to communicate with each other and is not related to VLANs. Network-based intrusion prevention systems (NIPSs) and network-based intrusion detection systems (NIDSs) protect a network from intrusions, but do not quarantine internal systems.
5001. B. Disabling unnecessary services helps reduce threats, including threats from zero-day vulnerabilities. It also reduces the threat from open ports on a firewall if the associated services are disabled, but opening ports won't reduce threats. Keeping systems up to date with patches and service packs protects against known vulnerabilities and is certainly a good practice. However, by definition, there aren't any patches or service packs available for zero- day vulnerabilities.
5002. A. Establishing baseline reporting processes allows you to monitor the systems and identify any changes from the baseline that might affect their security posture. You would determine the attack surface prior to establishing a baseline. Patch management is important, but it doesn't monitor the overall security posture of systems. Sandboxing allows you to isolate systems for testing, but isn't used for online production systems.
5003. A. A host software baseline (also called an application baseline) identifies a list of approved software for systems and compares it with installed applications. Baseline reporting isa process that monitors systems for changes and reports discrepancies. An application configuration baseline identifies proper settings for applications. A code review looks at the actual code of the software, and doesn't just create a list.
5004. B. Application whitelisting identifies authorized applications and prevents users from installing or running any other applications. Alternately, you can use a blacklist to identify specific applications that cannot be installed or run on a system. A security policy (such as an acceptable use policy) can state a rule to discourage this behavior, but it doesn't enforce the rule by preventing users from installing or running the software. Anti-malware software and antivirus software can detect and block malware, but not applications.
5005. B. Virtualization provides increased availability because it is much easier to rebuild a virtual server than a physical server after a failure. Virtualization supports a reduced budget because virtual servers require less hardware, less space in a data center, less power, and less heating and air conditioning. Failover clusters are more expensive. Bollards are physical barriers that block vehicles. Hashing provides integrity, not availability.
5006. A. Taking a snapshot of the virtual machine (VM) before deploying it ensures that the VM can be reverted to the original configuration if the new application causes problems. Taking a snapshot after the installation doesn't allow you to revert the image. Blacklisting prevents an application from running, so it isn't appropriate for a new application deployed on a server. Backing up the server might be appropriate before installing the new application but not after.
5007. D. Patch management procedures ensure that systems are kept up to date with current security fixes and patches and help eliminate problems with known attack methods. The scenario indicates that these systems have been attacked, exploiting the vulnerabilities caused by not patching them. Virtualization will have the same problems if the systems are not kept up to date. Sandboxing isolates systems for testing, but there isn't any indication these servers should be isolated. An intrusion detection system (IDS) might identify some attacks, but the systems will still be exploited if they aren't patched.
5008. B. Application patch management practices ensure that applications are kept up to date with relevant patches, similar to how the operating systems are kept up to date with patches. Application change management helps control changes to the applications. Whole disk encryption helps protect confidentiality, but is unrelated to this question. Application hardening secures the applications when they are deployed, but doesn't keep them up to date with current patches.
5009. D. The generators are likely controlled within a supervisory control and data acquisition (SCADA) system and isolating them within a virtual local area network (VLAN) will protect them from unauthorized access. An internal Certificate Authority (CA) issues and manages certificates within a Public Key Infrastructure (PKI), but there isn't any indication certificates are in use. Wi- Fi Protected Access II (WPA2) secures wireless networks, but doesn't protect SCADA networks. Patch management processes help ensure systems are kept up to date with patches, but this doesn't apply In this scenario.
5010. A. Disabling the use of mobile media on the devices will reduce the potential of data loss from these devices. It would make it more difficult to copy data to and from the devices. Tracking the location won't affect data. The devices are provided by the company, so a bring your own device (BYOD) policy isn't relevant. Geo-tagging only refers to geographic location information attached to pictures posted on social media sites.
5011. B. If access controls are not implemented correctly, an attacker might be able to bypass them and access the data. The incorrect implementation of the access controls won't corrupt the data. Files such as pictures posted on social media can be geo-tagged, but this is unrelated to a hard drive. The scenario says the drive is encrypted, so the data is encrypted.
5012. C. Remote wiping sends a signal to a device and erases all data, which would prevent disclosure of customer data. Mobile device management helps ensure devices are kept up to date with current patches. Disabling unused features is a basic hardening step for mobile devices, but doesn't help if the device is lost. Global Positioning System (GPS) tracking helps locate the device, but doesn't necessarily prevent data disclosure if the device cannot be retrieved.
5013. B. A screen lock helps prevent data loss in the event of theft of a mobile device storing sensitive information. Other security controls (not listed as answers in this question) that help prevent loss of data in this situation are account lockouts, full device encryption, and remote wipe capabilities. Asset tracking is an inventory control method. Mobile device management helps keep systems up to date with current patches. Global Positioning System (GPS) tracking helps locate the device.
5014. D. Protecting data is a primary security concern when authorizing mobile devices on a network, often because mobile devices are more difficult to manage. The cost of the devices is trivial when compared with the cost of other network devices and the value of data. Compatibility issues aren't a major concern and typically only affect the ability to use an application. Virtualization techniques can be used with mobile devices allowing users to access virtual desktops, but these enhance security.
5015. D. A virtual local area network (VLAN) provides network segmentation and can prevent employee-owned devices from accessing the primary network. WPA2 Enterprise provides strong security for the devices by ensuring they authenticate through an 802.Ix server, but this doesn't segment them on a separate network. A virtual private network (VPN) allows remote employees to connect to a private network, but is unrelated to this question. A Global Positioning System (GPS) is useful for locating lost devices but not segmenting network traffic.
5016. C. Database column (or field) encryption is the best choice because it can be used to encrypt the fields holding credit card data, but not fields that don't need to be encrypted. Full database encryption and whole disk encryption aren't appropriate because everything doesn't need to be encrypted to protect the credit card data. File-level encryption isn't appropriate on a database and will often make it inaccessible to the database application.
5017. D. The best solution is to use whole disk encryption on the USB drive.The scenario indicates Bart is using file-level encryption (such as NTFS encryption) on the desktop computer, but the USB drive doesn't support it, possibly because it's formatted as a FAT32 drive. The result is that the system decrypts the file before copying it to the USB drive. Another solution is to convert the USB to NTFS. Whole disk encryption on the desktop computer wouldn't protect files copied to the USB drive.
5018. D. A Trusted Platform Module (TPM) includes a storage root key. The TPM generates this key when a user activates the TPM. A hardware security module (HSM) uses RSA keys, but not a storage root key. NT File System (NTFS) supports encryption with Encrypting File System (EFS). A virtual storage area network (VSAN) is a virtualization technique, and it doesn't provide encryption.
5019. D. A data loss prevention (DIP) solution can limit documents sent to a printer to be printed using content filters. A hardware security module (HSM) and a Trusted Platform Module (TPM) both provide full disk encryption, but cannot block documents sent to a printer. A virtual local area network (VLAN) segments traffic, but isn't selective about documents sent to a printer.
5020. C. Infrastructure as a Service (laaS) is a cloud-computing option where the vendor provides access to a computer, but customers must manage the system, including keeping it up to date with current patches. A hybrid cloud is a combination of a public cloud and a private cloud. Software as a Service (SaaS) provides access to applications, such as email. An laaS solution can be public, private, or a hybrid solution.
6001. C. An armored virus uses one or more techniques to make it difficult for antivirus researchers to reverse engineer it. A logic bomb executes in response to an event, but it is often implemented with simple code. A Trojan appears to be something beneficial, but It includes a malicious component. Ransomware takes control of a user's system or data and then demands payment as ransom.
6002. A. A logic bomb executes in response to an event. In this scenario, the logic bomb is delivering its payload when it detects that Homer is no longer employed at the company. A rootkit doesn't respond to an event. A backdoor provides another method of accessing a system, but it does not delete files. Adware uses advertising methods, such as pop-up windows.
6003. A. The security administrator is most likely looking for a backdoor because Trojans commonly create backdoors, and a backdoor allows unauthorized personnel to access data on the system. Logic bombs and rootkits can create backdoor accounts, but trojans don't create logic bombs and would rarely install a rootkit. The computer might be Joined to a botnet, but it wouldn't be a botnet.
6004. B. Ransomware attempts to take control of a user's system or data and then demands ransom to return control. An armored virus uses one or more techniques to make it more difficult to reverse engineer. It's possible that Maggie's computer was infected with a Trojan, which created a backdoor. However, not all Trojans or backdoor accounts demand payment as ransom.
6005. A. A rootkit typically runs processes that are hidden and it also attempts to connect to computers via the Internet. Although an attacker might have used a backdoor to gain access to the user's computer and install the rootkit, backdoors don't run hidden processes. Spam is unwanted email and is unrelated to this question. A Trojan is malware that looks like it's beneficial, but is malicious.
6006. D. Adware commonly causes pop-up windows to appear with marketing advertisements and adware doesn't try to hide itself. Many web browsers include pop-up blockers that block these pop-ups. A rootkit does attempt to hide itself and keep any rootkit processes hidden. Trojans perform some malicious activity such as creating a backdoor account, and they hide their activity.
6007. B. Spyware monitors a user's computer and activity. Trojans often install backdoor accounts, but they don’t necessarily monitor systems and activity. Adware typically causes pop-up windows for advertising, and although it might monitor the user to target ads, not all adware monitors users. Ransomware is primarily concerned with getting the user to make a ransom payment.
6008. B. This sounds like a social engineering attack where the caller is attempting to get information on the servers, so it's appropriate to end the cal, report the cal to a supervisor, and independently check the vendor for potential issues. It is not appropriate to give external personnel information on internal systems from a single phone call.The caller has not committed a crime by asking questions, so it is not appropriate to contact law enforcement personnel.
6009. D. Shoulder surfing is the practice of peering over a person's shoulder to discover information. In this scenario, the attacker is using the wireless cameras to discover PINs as users enter them. Tailgating is the practice of following closely behind someone else without using credentials. Dumpster diving is the practice of searching trash dumpsters for information. Vishing is a form of phishing using the phone.
6010. D. Tailgating is the practice of following closely behind someone else without using credentials. In this scenario, Bart might be an employee who forgot his badge, or he might be a social engineer trying to get in by tailgating. Mantraps prevent tailgating. Spear phishing and whaling are two types of phishing with email.
6011. D.
6012. B.
6013. C.
6014. A.
6015. D.
6016. C.
6017. B.
6018. C.
6019. B.
6020. C.
7001. D. A distributed denial-of-service (DDoS) attack causes spikes in network traffic as multiple systems attempt to connect to a server and deplete the target's resources. A smurf attack is an attack using directed broadcasts, and this might be a smurf attack if routers aren't blocking directed broadcasts, but it could also be another type of DDoS attack. Flood guards protect against SYN flood attacks, and flood guards are not an attack method. A DoS attack comes from a single system.
7002. C. Smurf attacks are blocked by preventing routers from passing directed broadcasts, especially border routers with direct access to the Internet. Flood guards protect against SYN (synchronize) flood attacks. Salting techniques add additional characters to passwords to thwart brute force attacks. Timestamps and sequence numbers are useful to protect against replay attacks, but not smurf attacks.
7003. B. Timestamps and sequence numbers act as countermeasures against replay attacks. Blocking directed broadcasts prevents smurf attacks. Flood guards protect against SYN (synchronize) attacks. Salting protects against brute force attacks on passwords.
7004. A. Account lockout policies help prevent brute force attacks by locking the account after an Incorrect password or personal identification number (PIN) is entered too many times. This prevents someone from hacking into an account by guessing. A rainbow table is a type of attack. Salting passwords prevents some offline brute force attacks by adding characters to passwords before hashing them. Input validation prevents attacks such as buffer overflow and cross-site scripting, but wouldn't help here because an attacker guessing PINs is entering valid data.
7005. C. A password salt is additional random characters added to a password before hashing the password, and it decreases the success of password attacks. Rainbow tables are used by attackers and contain precomputed hashes. Message digest 5 (MD5) is a hashing algorithm that creates hashes, but the scenario already states that passwords are hashed. Smurf is a type of attack using a directed broadcast and is not related to passwords.
7006. A. A pharming attack attempts to redirect users from one web site to another web site. Although this is often done using DNS poisoning, it can also be done by rewriting the hosts file in a user's system. The 127.0.0.1 localhost entry is the default entry in the hosts file, and the second entry redirects the user to a different site. Whaling is a phishing attack that targets high-level executives. In session hijacking, an attacker records a user's credentials and uses them to impersonate the user. Phishing is the practice of sending email to users with the purpose of tricking them into revealing personal information (such as bank account information).
7007. B. Typo squatting (or URL hijacking) uses a similar domain name to redirect traffic. In this scenario, the last two letters in CompTIA are swapped in the malicious domain name, and that site is attempting to download malware onto the user systems. A smurf attack is unrelated to web sites. Fuzzing tests an application's ability to handle random data. A replay attack attempts to replay data with the intent of impersonating one of the parties.
7008. B. A zero-day attack takes advantage of an undocumented exploit or an exploit that is unknown to the public. A buffer overflow attack sends unexpected data to a system to access system memory or cause it to crash. Although some buffer overflow attacks are unknown, others are known. If the server isn't kept up to date with patches, it can be attacked with a known buffer overflow attack. Fuzzing sends random data to a system and can detect buffer overflows and zero-day attack methods, but the scenario doesn't indicate the user is sending random data. Session hijacking takes over a user's session and isn't related to an attack on a server.
7009. C. Poor input validation often causes security vulnerabilities and can lead to major losses when exploited. Buffer overflow and cross-site request forgery (XSRF) are attacks that can be mitigated by input validation. They are not techniques used by developers. Hardening both operating systems and applications helps make them more secure from security vulnerabilities.
7010. C. An attacker can use a web proxy to intercept the HTTP POST command. The attacker then modifies the data in the command and sends it to the web site. Command injection is a type of client-side injection attack that input validation thwarts. Flash cookies are used by Adobe Flash applets, but are not used to bypass input validation. Exception handling catches errors, allowing applications to handle them gracefully.
7011. B. You should display a generic error message but log detailed information on the error. Detailed error messages to the user are often confusing to them and give attackers information they can use against the system. Logging generic information makes it more difficult to troubleshoot the problem later.
7012. A. Buffer overflow attacks often cause an application to crash and expose system memory. Attackers then write malicious code into the exposed memory and use different techniques to get the system to run this code. None of the other attacks inserts malicious code into memory. Attackers attempt to embed HTML or JavaScript code in cross-site scripting (XSS) attacks, often to read cookies on a user's system. Extensible Markup Language (XML) injection attacks attempt to access or modify XML formatted data.
7013. B. Buffer overflow attacks include a series of no operation (NOP) commands, such as hexadecimal 90 (x90). When successful, they can crash applications and expose memory, allowing attackers to run malicious code on the system. SQL injection attacks and Extensible Markup Language (XML) injection attacks do not use NOP commands. Zero-day attacks are unknown or undocumented, but attacks using NOP commands are known.
7014. D. In a SQL injection attack, an attacker attempts to inject SQL commands into a query to access or manipulate data on a back-end database. A buffer overflow attack attempts to overload a system with too much data or unexpected data in an attempt to access system memory. A cross-site request forgery (XSRF) attack attempts to impersonate a user with HTML code. Fuzzing is a testing technique that sends random data into an application to see if the application can handle it.
7015. C. A cross-site scripting (XSS) attack can be blocked by using input validation techniques to filter special characters such as the < and > characters used in HTML code. None of the other attackers requires the use of special characters. Sniffing captures data with a protocol analyzer. Spoofing hides the identity of the original entity. Pharming redirects a user from one web site to another web site.
7016. A. A cross-site request forgery (XSRF) attack causes users to perform actions without their knowledge. This scenario indicates the user visited a web site, most likely through a malicious link, and the link initiated a purchase. None of the other attacks cause unsuspecting users to make purchases. A buffer overflow attacks a web site and attempts to access system memory. A SQL injection attack attempts to access data on a database server. Fuzzing sends random data to an application to test its ability to handle the random data.
7017. B. A Lightweight Directory Application Protocol (LDAP) injection attack attempts to access data on servers hosting a directory service, such as a Microsoft domain controller hosting Active Directory. Cross-site scripting (XSS) and cross-site request forgery (XSRF) attacks attack web servers, not directory service servers. Fuzzing sends random data to see if the application can handle it, but it doesn't necessarily target servers hosting a directory service.
7018. C. A SQL injection attack allows an attacker to send commands to the database server to access data. Encryption protects it on the server and in transit, but the web server can decrypt it. Because the data in the database server is encrypted, theft of the server isn't a significant risk. There aren't any indications that the database server is replying with Extensible Markup Language (XML) data, so an XML injection attack isn't a risk. Because data is encrypted while in transit, sniffing isn't a significant risk.
7019. A. Fuzz testing, or fuzzing, sends random data to an application with the purpose of testing the application's ability to handle the random data. In some cases, fuzzing can discover buffer overflow and integer overflow vulnerabilities, but just sending random data doesn't necessarily cause buffer overflows or integer overflows. Command injection attacks send specific commands, not random data.
7020. D. Fuzzing can test the application's ability to maintain availability and data integrity for some scenarios. Fuzzing sends random data to an application to verify the random data doesn't crash the application or expose the system to a data breach. Secure coding practices such as input validation and error- and exception-handling techniques protect applications, but do not test them.
8001. A. Residual risk is the risk that an organization accepts after implementing controls to reduce risk. An organization can avoid a risk by not providing a service or not participating in a risky activity. Risk deterrence attempts to discourage attacks with preventive controls such as a security guard. Risk mitigation reduces risks through internal controls. Purchasing insurance is a common method of risk transference.
8002. C. The annual loss expectancy (ALE) is $3,000. It is calculated as single loss expectancy (SLE) x annual rate of occurrence (ARO).The SLE is 10 percent of $3,000 ($300) and the ARO is 10.10 x $300 is $3,000.
8003. A. The expected loss is the single loss expectancy (SLE) and you can calculate it with the annual loss expectancy (ALE) and annual rate of occurrence (ARO), as ALE / ARO. The SLE is what you are trying to determine, so you don't have that value. The return on investment (ROI) will not help in identifying the SLE.
8004. D. A port scanner identifies open ports on a system and is commonly used to determine what services are running on the system. A penetration test attempts to exploit a vulnerability. A protocol analyzer (also called a sniffer) could analyze traffic and discover protocols in use, but this would be much more difficult than using a port scanner.
8005. C. In this scenario, the vulnerability scanner reported a false positive indicating that the servers had a vulnerability, but in reality, the servers did not have the vulnerability. A false negative occurs if a vulnerability scanner does not report a known vulnerability. There isn't any indication that the servers are misconfigured and they are not hardened.
8006. A. A vulnerability scan determines if the system has current patches and is the best choice of those given. A port scan identifies open ports. A protocol analyzer (sniffer) captures traffic for analysis. Host enumeration identifies hosts on a network based on their IP addresses.
8007. B. A vulnerability scanner is passive and has the least impact on systems, but it can detect systems that are lacking specific security controls. A code review is effective for identifying vulnerabilities in software. However, it doesn't identify missing security controls elsewhere. A ping sweep can identify hosts on a network based on their IP addresses. A penetration test does not have the least impact on systems.
8008. C. A vulnerability scan identifies vulnerabilities that attackers can potentially exploit, and vulnerability scanners perform passive testing. A penetration test actively tests the application and can potentially compromise the system. A port scan only identifies open ports. A sniffer can capture traffic for analysis, but it doesn't check for security controls.
8009. B. A false positive on a vulnerability scan indicates that a vulnerability is positively detected, but the vulnerability doesn't actually exist. A false negative indicates that the vulnerability scan did not detect a vulnerability that does exist on a system. False positives can occur even if an organization has a strong patch management process in place. Although it's true that the patch isn't applied, it's also true that the patch cannot be applied because it is for a protocol that administrators removed.
8010. C. A code review goes line-by-line through the software code looking for vulnerabilities, such as buffer overflows and race conditions. Input validation helps prevent buffer overflows but not race conditions. Change management controls help prevent unintended outages from unauthorized changes. Regression testing is a type of testing used to ensure that new patches do not cause errors.
8011. D. A pentest (or penetration test) attempts to compromise the server and then attempts to access the internal network. A vulnerability scan is passive. It does not attempt to compromise a system, so it cannot verify if an attacker can access the internal network. A port scan only identifies open ports. A code review is useful for newly developed software, but there isn't any indication that the original code is available for the legacy server.
8012. C. A black box tester does not have access to product documentation or experience with an application. White box testers have full knowledge and gray box testers have some knowledge. Black hat refers to a malicious attacker.
8013. D. Black box testers should not have access to any information before starting the test, so technicians and administrators should not provide any information if asked. It's appropriate to give white box testers all the information on the network, and give gray box testers some information on the internal network.
8014. A. A protocol analyzer (or sniffer) is useful for capturing traffic between systems for analysis and is the best choice for this scenario. A port scanner identifies open ports in single systems, so it wouldn't be helpful here. Traffic between the systems likely goes through the switch and you can monitor traffic going through the switch with a protocol analyzer, but by itself, the switch wouldn't help troubleshoot a communication problem. A URL filter filters outgoing web traffic.
8015. C. A protocol analyzer (or sniffer) can capture traffic sent over a network and identify the type of traffic, the source of the traffic, and protocol flags used within individual packets. A unified threat management (UTM) security appliance combines multiple security solutions into a single solution but doesn't typically ca pture traffic. Router logs identify the type of traffic going through it, but do not include packet flag data. A vulnerability scan identifies vulnerabilities on a network.
8016. B. This log entry indicates that a source (src) system with an IP of 10.80.1.5 sent a connection attempt using port 3389, which is the Remote Desktop Protocol (RDP) port, at time 4:12:50 p.m. The destination (dst) was sent to IP 192.168.1.100 using a common proxy server listening port of 8080. Hypertext Transfer Protocol (HTTP) uses port 80, not port 3389. File Transfer Protocol (FTP) uses ports 20 and 21, not port 3389. A buffer overflow attack sends unexpected data, but this entry indicates that it is a SYN/ACK (synchronize/acknowledge) packet establishing a connection.
8017. A. A routine audit can verify controls are continuing to operate as intended. Change management controls can help ensure that systems don't suffer from unintended outages after a change, and although change management helps ensure the controls aren't modified, it doesn't necessarily ensure the controls continue to operate as intended. A design review would be done before the controls are deployed. A black box test is a type of penetration test where the testers don't have any knowledge of the system, so it wouldn't be able to identify if the controls are functioning as intended.
8018. D. A user rights and permissions review detects permission bloat situations such as this. Account management controls also help ensure these situations don't occur. A design review helps ensure that systems and software are developed properly. A code review is a line-by-line review of code by peer programmers. A baseline review compares current configurations against baseline settings.
8019. A. A user rights and permissions review verifies users have the permissions they need for their job, and no more, which verifies the principle of least privilege is being followed. Risk, vulnerability, and threat assessments assess current risks, and they might verify the principle of least privilege is being followed, but they do much more.
8020. C. Continuous security monitoring helps an organization maintain its security posture, by verifying that security controls continue to function as intended. Auditing logs, performing routine audits, and performing vulnerability scans are all part of a continuous monitoring plan. However, individually, they do not verify all security controls are operating properly.
9001. A. A redundant array of inexpensive disks (RAID) system would provide fault tolerance for disk drives and increase data availability if drives fail. A backup system improves data availability because you can restore data after data is lost or corrupt. However, a backup system does not provide fault tolerance. A cluster provides fault tolerance at the server level and ensures a service continues to operate even if a server fails. However, a cluster is more expensive than a RAID. An uninterruptible power supply (UPS) provides short-term power after a power failure but does not directly increase data availability.
9002. A. Server redundancy solutions such as a failover cluster would prevent this type of loss. Additionally, a power redundancy solution such as an uninterruptible power supply (UPS) would prevent this. Disaster recovery procedures help restore the systems after a disaster, but they wouldn't prevent the incident. A warm site is as an alternate site, but it wouldn't prevent data loss. The recovery time objective (RTO) identifies the time period when you plan to restore a system after an outage, but it doesn't prevent a loss.
9003. D. The administrator most likely implemented servers to work together in a load-balancing configuration. Load balancing shifts the load between multiple servers to increase the number of clients the application can handle, ultimately increasing the overall processing capabilities. Failover clustering adds one or more servers for high availability and a redundant array of inexpensive disks 6 (RAID-6) provides fault tolerance for the disk subsystem, but neither increases processing capabilities. Electromagnetic interference (EMI) shielding is an environmental control that can protect against intermittent problems due to EMI.
9004. D. Load balancing shifts the load among multiple systems and can increase the site's availability by adding additional nodes when necessary. A failover cluster also provides high availability, but there is no such thing as a fail-open cluster. Certificates help ensure confidentiality and integrity, but do not assist with availability. A web application firewall helps protect a web server against attacks, but it does not increase availability from normal client requests.
9005. A. Load balancing adds additional servers to a service and shares the load among the servers. This increases availability because a single server is not overloaded and additional servers can be added as needed. A hot site supports operations at an alternate site after a disaster, but it is very expensive and not the best choice if you only want to increase the availability of a website. A web application  firewall (WAF) and a unified threat management (UTM) device both provide security, but they do not directly address availability.
9006. C. A full/incremental backup strategy is best with one full backup on one day and incremental backups on the other days. A full backup every day would require the most time every day. Differential backups become steadily larger as the week progresses and take more time to back up than incremental backups. Backups must start with a full backup, so a differential/ incremental backup strategy is not possible.
9007. B. A business impact analysis (BIA) does not include recommended solutions. It does identify critical systems and functions, dependencies, critical downtime limits, potential scenarios causing a loss, and the potential loss.
9008. B. A business impact analysis (BIA) includes information on potential losses and is the most likely document of those listed where this loss would be documented. A disaster recovery plan (DRP) includes methods used to recover from an outage. Continuity of operations planning (COOP) includes methods, such as alternate sites, used to keep an organization operational after an outage. The recovery time objective (RTO) identifies the time period when you plan to restore a system after an outage; it is not a document.
9009. A. The recovery time objective (RTO) identifies the maximum amount of time it should take to restore a system after an outage. The recovery point objective (RPO) refers to the amount of data you can afford to lose. RTO only refers to time, not data. RPO refers to data recovery points, not time to restore a system.
9010. C. A hot site has the shortest recovery time, but it is also the most expensive. Cold sites have the longest recovery time, and warm sites are shorter than cold sites but not as quick as hot sites. Succession site isn't a valid type of alternate location.
9011. C. The disaster recovery plan (DRP) typically includes a hierarchical list of critical systems that identifies what to restore and in what order. Heating, ventilation, and air conditioning (HVAC) is not a document.The business impact analysis (BIA) identifies critical systems and components but does not include recovery methods or procedures. Succession planning refers to people, not systems, and it clarifies who can make decisions during a disaster.
9012. C. A communication plan includes methods used to communicate with response team members, employees, suppliers, and customers. Although not available as a possible answer, it would also include methods used to respond to media requests, including basic templates. None of the other answers are part of a communication plan. Both DRPs and BCPs might include a list of test plans and procedures. Succession planning clarifies who can make decisions during a disaster. A BIA typically includes a list of scenarios with potential loss statements.
9013. B. Succession planning clarifies who can make decisions during a disaster and can be documented in a chart listing roles and responsibilities along with a chain of command. IT contingency planning focuses on recovery of IT systems. Continuity of operations planning (COOP) identifies methods, such as alternate sites, that an organization can implement after a disaster. Recovery time objective (RTO) identifies the maximum amount of time it should take to restore a system after an outage.
9014. C. A tabletop exercise is discussion-based and is typically performed In a classroom or conference room setting. Because this is a meeting led by the business continuity plan (BCP) coordinator, it is a tabletop exercise. Functional exercises are hands-on exercises and include simulations and full-blown tests.
9015. D. The most likely reason for personnel to turn off a server for testing is to test elements of continuity of operations planning (COOP). This helps determine if the organization can continue to operate despite the outage. A business impact analysis (BIA) is performed before creating business continuity plans, not to test them. Succession planning identifies a chain of command during a disaster. Tabletop exercises are discussion-based exercises and do not include manipulating any systems.
9016. D. Failing humidity controls can cause damage from electrostatic discharge (ESD) if humidity is too low and water damage from condensation if humidity gets too high. Humidity controls do not provide any protection against electromagnetic interference (EMI), temperature, or ventilation.
9017. B. Increasing the heating, ventilation, and air conditioning (HVAC) capacity results in higher mean time between failures (MTBF) times by keeping systems at lower temperatures. Lower MTBF times indicate more failures. Mean time to recover (MTTR) is unrelated to failures or HVAC systems.
9018. B. An attacker could manipulate environmental controls to change the temperature or humidity within a data center and cause significant damage. An attacker could block video surveillance by manipulating a video surveillance system, but this wouldn't cause extensive physical damage. Modifying the firewall access control lists (ACLs) or intrusion detection system (IDS) settings might allow remote attacks, but not physical damage.
9019. A. In this scenario, the most likely reason that the door opened was because the access system was designed to fail-open for personnel safety. If the system was designed to fail-close, then employees would be trapped inside during a fire or other disaster. Nothing in the scenario indicates the system as improperly installed. A fire extinguisher would not include a proximity badge, and it wouldn't work if the proximity reader was destroyed.
9020. A. Electromagnetic interference (EMI) shielding provides protection against interference from electromagnetic sources such as fluorescent lights. Fencing, video surveillance, and motion detection are all physical security controls.
10001. D. Secure Hash Algorithm (SHA) is one of many available hashing algorithms used to verify data integrity. None of the other options are hashing algorithms. Advanced Encryption Standard (AES), Data Encryption Standard (DES), and Rivest Cipher 4 (RC4) are symmetric encryption algorithms.
10002. D. Hashing algorithms can detect changes in files (or verify the files have not lost Integrity) and Message Digest 5 (MD5) and Hash-based Message Authentication Code (HMAC) are both hashing algorithms. Pretty Good Privacy (PGP) is a method used to secure email communication. Elliptic curve cryptography (ECC), Advanced Encryption Standard (AES), and TwoFish are all encryption algorithms.
10003. ABF. Advanced Encryption Standard (AES), Data Encryption Standard (PES), and Blowfish are all block ciphers. Although it's not listed, Triple PES (3PES) is also a block cipher. Message Digest 5 (MPS) and Secure Hash Algorithm (SNA) are hashing algorithms. Rivest Cipher 4 (RC4) is a stream cipher.
10004. B. Data Encryption Standard (PES) encrypts data in 64-bit blocks similar to how 3PES and Blowfish encrypt data in 64-bit blocks. Advanced Encryption Standard (AES) and Twofish encrypt data in 12-bit blocks. Rivest Cipher 4 (RC4) is a stream cipher and it encrypts data one bit at a time.
10005. C. Blowfish would be the fastest in this scenario. Blowfish provides strong encryption so would provide strong confidentiality. Advanced Encryption Standard-256 (AES-256) is a strong encryption protocol, but Blowfish is faster than AES in some situations such as when comparing it against AES-256. Data Encryption Standard (PES) is not secure and is not recommended today. Secure Hash Algorithm version 2 (SHA-2) is a hashing algorithm used for integrity.
10006. B. Rivest, Shamir, Adieman (RSA) is an asymmetric algorithm and all asymmetric algorithms use public and private keys. Advanced Encryption Standard (AES) and Blowfish are strong block- based symmetric encryption algorithms. Message Digest 5 (MPS) is a hashing algorithm.
10007. C. Piffie-Hellman allows entities to negotiate encryption keys securely over a public network. Once the entities negotiate the keys, they use symmetric encryption, but they can't share keys using symmetric encryption without first using a secure method such as Piffie-Hellman. Bcrypt is a key stretching technique used by some Unix systems to make password cracking more difficult. Steganography hides data within data, but it isn't the best method of sharing encryption keys over a public network.
10008. A. Elliptic curve cryptography (ECC) has minimal overhead and is often used with mobile devices for encryption. Triple Data Encryption Standard (3PES) consumes a lot of processing time and isn't as efficient as ECC. Password-Based Key Derivation Function 2 (PBKPF2) and bcrypt are key stretching techniques that salt passwords with additional bits to protect against brute force attempts.
10009. C. The manager is most likely leaking data using steganography methods by embedding the data into the vacation pictures. If the file is the same, the hash of the file and the hash of a file copy should be the same. Because the hashes are different, it indicates the files are different and the most likely explanation is because some of the files have other data embedded within them. Hashing and digital signatures are not methods that would support leaking data. The scenario indicates the manager is suspected of leaking data, and the different hashes provide evidence to support this suspicion.
10010. C. Transport Layer Security (TLS) is a transport encryption protocol that can protect the data while it is in transit. Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) is also a transport encryption protocol, but TLS is recommended instead. Secure Hash Algorithm (SHA) is a hashing algorithm, not an encryption protocol. Both SSL and TLS use certificates and revoked certificates are published in a certificate revocation list (CRL), but a CRL is not a transport encryption protocol.
10011. D. Internet Protocol security (IPsec) can encrypt data in transit, and it encapsulates IP packets with an additional IP header.Transport Layer Security (TLS) and Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) are both transport encryption protocols that can protect the data while it is in transit. Although they both use certificates for security, they do not encapsulate IP packets within an additional IP header. Hash-based Message Authentication Code (HMAC) is often used with IPsec, but HMAC does not encrypt data.
10012. B. Marge would verify Homer's certificate is valid by querying the Certificate Authority (CA) that issued Homer's certificate, and the CA's public certificate includes the CA's public key. Homer would use a digital signature to provide verification that he sent the message. Homer would encrypt the digital signature with his private key, and Marge would decrypt the digital signature with Homer's public key. The CA's private key remains private. Marge's keys are not used for Homer's digital signature, but might be used for the encryption of the email.
10013. A. Lisa would decrypt the digital signature with Bart's public key and verify the public key is valid by querying a Certificate Authority (CA). The digital signature provides verification that Bart sent the message, non-repudiation, and integrity for the message. Bart encrypts the digital signature with his private key, which can only be decrypted with his public key. Lisa's keys are not used for Bart's digital signature, but might be used for the encryption of the email. Although not part of this scenario, Bart would encrypt the email with Lisa's public key, and Lisa would decrypt the email with Lisa's private key.
10014. A. Hashing provides integrity for digital signatures and other data. A digital signature is a hash of the message encrypted with the sender's private key, but the encryption doesn't provide integrity. The digital signature provides non-repudiation, but non-repudiation does not provide integrity. The private key and public key are both needed, but the private key does not provide integrity.
10015. D. Bcrypt is a key stretching technique designed to protect against brute force attempts and is the best choice of the given answers. Another alternative is Password-Based Key Derivation Function 2 (PBKDF2). Both salt the password with additional bits. Passwords stored using Secure Hash Algorithm (SHA) are easier to crack because they don't use salts. PBKDF2 is based on Blowfish, but Blowfish itself isn't commonly used to encrypt passwords. Elliptic curve cryptography (ECC) is efficient and sometimes used with mobile devices, but not to encrypt passwords.
10016. B. A Certificate Authority (CA) issues and manages certificates. A certificate revocation list (CRL) is a list of revoked certificates. Online Certificate Status Protocol (OCSP) is an alternative to a CRL and validates certificates with short responses such as good, unknown, or revoked. A recovery agent can retrieve a private key if the original private key is no longer accessible.
10017. B. You create the RSA-based private key first and then create the matching public key from it, which you include in the certificate signing request (CSR) that you send to the Certificate Authority (CA).The RSA algorithm technically creates the private key first, but most applications that create the key pair appear to create them at the same time. A session key is a symmetric key, but RSA is an asymmetric algorithm. The CA generates the certificate revocation list (CRL) to identify revoked certificates. Online Certificate Status Protocol (OCSP) is an alternative to using CRLs to validate certificates, but it is not required.
10018. D. A certificate revocation list (CRL) includes a list of revoked certificates and it allows users to validate certificates. Any CA can issue a CRL, so an intermediate CA is not needed. Users request certificates with a certificate signing request (CSR). Wildcard certificates reduce the administrative burden for certificates, but do not have anything to do with validating certificates.
10019. A. Online Certificate Status Protocol (OCSP) validates trust with certificates. Clients send the serial number of the certificate to the Certificate Authority (CA) within the Public Key Infrastructure (PKI) and the CA returns short responses such as good, unknown, or revoked. A certificate revocation list (CRL) includes a list of revoked certificates listed by serial numbers and can become quite large after a while. The CA isn't a protocol. You request certificates with a certificate signing request (CSR).
10020. C. Recovery agents can decrypt data and messages if the user's private key is no longer available. Although Certificate Authorities use trust models, a trust relationship doesn't directly apply here. A user's public key is already publicly available, so it isn't useful here. A certificate revocation list (CRL) is a list of revoked certificates and doesn't apply in this scenario.
11001. C. Mandatory vacations help to reduce the possibility of fraud and embezzlement. An acceptable use policy informs users of company policies and even though users sign them, they don't deter someone considering theft by embezzling funds. Training can help reduce incidents by ensuring personnel are aware of appropriate policies. Time-of-day restrictions prevent users from logging on during restricted times.
11002. C. This recommendation is enforcing a separation of duties principle, which prevents any single person from performing multiple job functions that might allow the person to commit fraud. Discretionary access control specifies that every object has an owner, but doesn't separate duties. Devices such as routers use a rule-based access control model, but it doesn't separate duties. Job rotation policies rotate employees into different jobs, but they don't necessarily separate job functions.
11003. C. This practice enforces a job rotation policy where employees rotate into different jobs, and is designed to reduce potential incidents. A separation of duties policy prevents any single person from performing multiple job functions to help prevent fraud, but it doesn't force users to switch roles. A mandatory vacation policy requires employees to take time away from their job. An acceptable use policy informs users of their responsibilities when using an organization's equipment.
11004. A. A clean desk policy requires users to organize their areas to reduce the risk of possible data theft and password compromise. A separation of duties policy separates individual tasks of an overall function between different people. Job rotation policies require employees to change roles on a regular basis. Change management helps reduce intended outages from changes.
11005. B. Developers should review the non-disclosure agreements (NDAs) and verify that sharing data with a third party doesn't violate any existing NDAs. Encrypting data in transit protects its confidentiality while in transit, but it won't protect it from a third party accessing it after receiving it. The classification of the data isn't as relevant as the NDA in this situation. An NDA between the third party and your organization isn't relevant, if the NDA between you and the hiring organization states you cannot share the data.
11006. D. A memorandum of understanding (MOD) represents an agreement and it doesn't have strict
11007. D. guidelines to protect sensitive data. An MOD does define responsibilities between the parties. A service level agreement (SLA) might include monetary penalties, but an MOU does not. An interconnection security agreement (ISA) includes strict requirements for connections and is often used with an MOU. An interconnection security agreement (ISA) specifies technical and security requirements for secure connections and can ensure data is encrypted while in transit. None of the other agreements address the connection. A service level agreement (SLA) stipulates performance expectations of a vendor. A business partners agreement (BPA) is a written agreement for business partners. A memorandum of understanding (MOU) expresses an understanding between two parties to work together.
11008. A. A cluster tip wiping tool sanitizes reclaimed space on hard drives. The cluster tip is the extra space in the last cluster of a file, which can hold remnants of data. A file shredding tool successfully erases a file, but does not affect clusters in reclaimed space. Degaussing the disk magnetically erases it, and physically destroying the disk is the most secure method protecting its confidentiality, but both of these methods take the system out of operation.
11009. C. The network administrator should submit a change using the change management process, which is the same process that is typically used for changes to any devices or systems. A baseline configuration identifies the starting configuration. Incident management addresses security incidents. A regular patch management process typically includes following change management, but application patch management does not apply to devices.
11010. C. A cognitive password attack utilizes information that a person would know, such as the name of their first pet or their favorite color. If this information is available on Facebook or another social media site, attackers can use it to change the user's password. This advice has nothing to do with employees visiting the sites, only with what they post. Although attackers may use this information in a phishing attack, they can also launch phishing attacks without this information. A rainbow table attack is a password attack, but it uses a database of precalculated hashes.
11011. D. The primary benefit is protection against banner ad malware, also known as malvertisements. Although the policy might result in improved employee productivity, this is not a security benefit. You want to prevent cognitive password attacks, not enable them. Although organizations typically try to prevent peer-to-peer (P2P) file sharing, this is done by blocking access to P2P sites, not social media sites.
11012. D. A warning banner displayed when personnel log on could inform them that unauthorized access is restricted and is the best choice of those given. Although Secure Shell (SSH) is a more secure alternative than Telnet, it doesn't impact the ability of prosecuting personnel. Banner ads are used on web sites, not within a Telnet session. File Transfer Protocol (FTP) logging wouldn't log Telnet sessions.
11013. D. You should analyze an incident during the lessons learned stage of incident response with the goal of identifying steps to prevent reoccurrence. Preparation is a planning step done before an incident, with the goal of preventing incidents and identifying methods to respond to incidents. Identification is the first step after hearing about a potential incident to verify it is an incident. Mitigation steps attempt to reduce the effects of the incident.
11014. C. Forensic analysts capture images and take hashes before beginning analysis, and they only analyze the image copies, not the original drive. Screenshots are taken when a computer is running. An antivirus scan might modify the drive and chain-of-custody documents are created when evidence is collected.
11015. A. Before analyzing a hard drive, a forensic expert should capture an image of the hard drive and then analyze the image. This protects it from accidental modifications and preserves it as usable evidence.The order of volatility identifies what data is most volatile (such as cache) and what is least volatile (such as hard drives). A chain-of-custody document should be created when evidence is first collected. A screenshot is taken when a system is operational.
11016. C. A chain of custody identifies who controlled evidence after it was confiscated. It can start with a tag when a person collects the evidence. Security analysts later create a chain-of-custody log to detail who controlled the evidence at different times.Time offset is related to different time zones or times recorded on a video recorder. A security analyst would confiscate a computer to analyze it, not decommission it. Separation of duties is related to people, not computers.
11017. D. It's important to keep a chain of custody for any confiscated physical items and the chain of custody is a record of everyone who took possession of the asset after it was first confiscated. Hashes should be taken before capturing an image, but they are not required before confiscating equipment. Users, not witnesses, sign an acceptable use policy (AUP). Security personnel should be aware of the order of volatility, but there isn't any way to maintain the order.
11018. A. The most likely reason is that he did not account for the time offset. The attack occurred at 11:35:33 Greenwich Mean Time (GMT) and the web server is in the Eastern Standard Time (EST) zone in Virginia, which is five hours different from GMT. There is no need to capture an image to view logs. IP addresses on the Internet do not expire. Logs are written to a hard drive or a central location; they are not erased when a system is rebooted.
11019. D. The best response of those listed is to provide training to personnel on the importance of keeping access codes private. Management controls include policies and assessments, but they won't necessarily focus on sharing access codes. Technical controls won't do any good if personnel are bypassing them, which is the case in this scenario. If an acceptable use policy (AUP) isn't implemented, it would be a good idea to implement one. However, it addresses usage of systems, and not necessarily cipher access codes.
11020. B. Metrics are measurements and you can use them to validate the success of a security awareness program. Role-based training is targeted training, but it does not validate the success of training. Training would typically teach employees about a security policy, but the policy doesn't provide measurements. Personally Identifiable Information (Pll) might be part of the training, but Pll cannot validate training.
201. D. Hiding files in another file is one way to achieve the security goal of confidentiality. In this scenario, Lisa is using steganography as the method by hiding files within a file. Encryption is the best way to achieve confidentiality, but simply hiding files within a file doesn't encrypt the data. Hashing methods and digital signatures provide Integrity. See Chapters 1 and 10.
202. C. A hash provides integrity for files, emails, and other types of data. Steganography provides confidentiality by hiding data within other data and encryption provides confidentiality by ciphering the data. Advanced Encryption Standard (AES) is an encryption protocol. See Chapter 1.
203. AB. A web-based form using an identity-proofing method, such as requiring users to enter the name of their first pet, can verify their identity. Setting a password that expires upon first use ensures that the user changes the password. Biometric authentication is not reasonable for an online e-commerce web site. Emailing the password is a possibility, but not without configuring the password to expire upon first use. See Chapter 1.
204. D. A Time-based One-Time Password (TOTP) creates passwords that expire after 30 seconds. An HMAC-based One Time Password (HOTP) creates passwords that do not expire. Challenge Handshake Authentication Protocol uses a nonce (a number used once), but a nonce does not expire after 30 seconds. See Chapter 1.
205. A. Both passwords are in the something you know factor of authentication, so this process is single-factor authentication. Dual-factor authentication requires the use of two different authentication factors. Multi-factor authentication requires two or more factors of authentication. Security Assertion Markup Language (SAML)isan Extensible Markup Language (XML) used for single sign-on (SSO), but this is unrelated to this question. See Chapter 1.
206. C. Fingerprint readers would add biometrics from the something you are factor of authentication as a third factor of authentication. The current system includes methods in the something you have factor (smart cards) and in the something you know factor (passwords), so any solution requires a method that isn't using one of these two factors. A PIN is in the something you know factor. Hardware tokens and USB tokens are in the something you have factor. See Chapter 1.
207. D. Kerberos uses a ticket-granting ticket server, which creates tickets for authentication.Terminal Access Controller Access-Control System Plus (TACACS+) is an authentication service created by Cisco. Security Assertion Markup Language (SAML) is an Extensible Markup Language (XML) used for single sign-on (SSO) solutions. Lightweight Directory Access Protocol (LDAP) is an X.500-based authentication service that can be secured with Transport Layer Security (TLS). See Chapter 1.
208. C. Lightweight Directory Access Protocol (LDAP) uses X.SOO-based phrases to identify components such as the domain component (DC). Diameter is an alternative to Remote Authentication Dial-In User Service (RADIUS), but neither of these use X.SOO-based phrases. Security Assertion Markup Language (SAML) is an Extensible Markup Language (XML) used for web-based single sign-on (SSO) solutions. See Chapter 1.
209. B. Remote Authentication Dial-In User Service (RADIUS) is an authentication, authorization, and accounting (AAA) protocol that uses shared secrets (or passwords) for security. Kerberos uses tickets. SAML provides SSO for web-based applications, but it is not an AAA protocol. MDS is a hashing protocol, not an AAA protocol. See Chapter 1.
210. B. Cable locks are effective equipment theft deterrents for laptops and other systems. Remote wiping can erase data on stolen systems, but it doesn't deter theft. Strong passwords help prevent someone from accessing a stolen device, but it doesn't deter theft. Disk encryption can protect the data after a device is stolen, but it doesn't deter theft. See Chapter 2.
211. C. Security awareness training is often the best response to violations of security policies. If individuals do not abide by the policies after training, management can take disciplinary action. The cipher lock is a physical security control, but it is not effective due to employees bypassing it. Tailgating occurs when one user follows closely behind another user without using credentials and mantraps prevent tailgating, but tailgates are on the back of trucks. Guards can prevent this Issue by only allowing authorized personnel in based on facial recognition or identification badges, but at a much higher cost See Chapters 2 and 11.
212. D. The complexity setting is the best answer because it includes using multiple character types, such as special characters, numbers, and uppercase and lowercase letters. The history setting remembers previous passwords and prevents users from reusing them.The maximum age setting forces users to change their password after a set number of days has passed. The minimum length setting forces users to create passwords with a minimum number of characters, such as eight. See Chapter 2.
213. CE. The password history setting records previously used passwords (such as the last 24 passwords) to prevent users from reusing the same passwords. Using the password history setting combined with the minimum password age setting prevents users from changing their password repeatedly to get back to their original password. The maximum password age setting ensures users change their passwords regularly, but this is already set to 30 days in the scenario. Password length requires a minimum number of characters in a password. Password complexity requires a mix of uppercase and lowercase letters, numbers, and special
characters. See Chapter 2.
214. C. Running a last logon script allows you to identify inactive accounts, such as accounts that haven't been logged on to in the last 30 days. It's appropriate to disable unused accounts, but it isn't necessarily appropriate to disable all temporary accounts, because some might still be in use. If you disable the accounts you notice, you might disable accounts that some employees are still using, and you might miss some accounts that should be disabled. Setting expiration dates for newly created accounts is a good step, but it doesn't address previously created accounts. See Chapter 2.
215. C. Time-of-day restrictions prevent users from logging on during certain times. Least privilege and need to know restrict access to only what the user needs, and these concepts are not associated with time. Mandatory access control uses labels and can restrict access based on need to know, but it is not associated with time. See Chapter 2.
216. B. Group-based privileges is a form of role-based access control and it simplifies administration. Instead of assigning permissions to new employees individually, you can just add new employee user accounts into the appropriate groups to grant them the rights and permissions they need for the Job. User-assigned privileges require you to manage privileges for each user separately, and it increases the account administration burden. Domain-assigned and network-assigned privileges are not valid administration practices. See Chapter 2.
217. D. You can create security groups, place users into these groups, and grant access to the folders by assigning appropriate permissions to the security groups. For example, the security groups might be Sales, Marketing, and HR, and you place users into the appropriate group based on their job. This is an example of using group-based privileges. Waiting for users to ask, and then assigning permissions to users individually has a high administrative overhead. Although delegating authority to assign permissions might work, it doesn't provide the same level of security as centrally managed groups, and without groups, it will still have a high administrative overhead for someone. See Chapter 2.
218. A. The administrator should create an account for Jasper and add it to the Accounting group. Because the organization uses groups, it makes sense that they have an Accounting group. The Guest account should be disabled to prevent the use of generic accounts. This scenario describes role-based access control, not rule-based access control. Jasper does not require administrator privileges, so his account should not be added to the Administrators group. See Chapter 2.
219. D. Secure Shell (SSH) is a good alternative to Telnet. SSH encrypts transmissions, whereas Telnet transmits data in cleartext. Secure Copy (SCP) and Secure FileTransfer Protocol (SFTP) use SSH to encrypt files sent over the network. See Chapter 3.
220. D. The attacker most likely used Remote Desktop Protocol (RDP) over port 3389. Telnet can connect to systems remotely, but it uses port 23 and that isn't one of the listed ports. HTTPS uses port 443 for secure HTTP sessions. DNS uses port 53 for name resolution queries and zone transfers. See Chapter 3.
221. C. Internet Protocol version 6 provides the largest address space using 128 bits to define an IP address. IPv4 uses 32 bits. IPvS uses 64 bits, but was never adopted. IPv7 has not been defined. See Chapter 3.
222. B. Domain Name System (DNS) traffic uses UDP port 53 by default to resolve host names to IP addresses. It is not malicious traffic connecting to a botnet. Simple Mail Transfer Protocol (SMTP) uses port 25. Secure FileTransfer Protocol (SFTP) uses port 22. See Chapter 3.
223. B. Of the given choices, the best answer is to restrict traffic based on physical addresses. This is also known as media access control (MAC) address filtering and is configured on a switch. Port numbers are related to protocols, so it wouldn't be feasible to restrict traffic for this group based on protocols. Domain Name System (DNS) provides name resolution, but it doesn't restrict traffic. Simple Network Management Protocol version 3 (SNMPv3) monitors and manages network devices. See Chapter 3.
224. B. IEEE 802.1 X is a port-based authentication protocol and it requires systems to authenticate before they are granted access to the network. If an attacker plugged a rogue device into a physical port, the 802.1 x server would block it from accessing the network. Disabling unused ports is a good practice, but it doesn't prevent an attacker from unplugging a system from a used port and plugging the rogue device into the port. While MAC limiting and filtering will provide some protection against rogue devices, an 802.1 x server provides much stronger protection. See Chapter 3.
225. D. Administrators would place an implicit deny rule at the end of an access control list (ACL) to deny all traffic that hasn't been explicitly allowed. Many firewalls place this rule at the end by default. An allow all all rule explicitly allows all traffic and defeats the purpose of a firewall. Timestamps aren't needed in an ACL. ACLs are in cleartext so should not include passwords. See Chapter 3.
226. A. A web application firewall (WAF) is an Application layer firewall designed specifically to protect web servers. Although both host-based and network-based firewalls provide protection, they aren't necessarily Application layer firewalls, so they do not provide the same level of protection for a web server as a WAF does. An intrusion detection system (IDS) can help detect attacks, but it isn't as good as the WAF when protecting the web server. See Chapter 3.
227. B. A unified threat management (UTM) device typically includes a URL filter and can block access to web sites, just as a proxy server can block access to web sites. A web application firewall (WAF) protects a web server from incoming attacks. A demilitarized zone (DMZ) is a buffered zone between protected and unprotected networks, but it does not include URL filters. A network-based intrusion detection system (NIDS) can detect attacks, but doesn't Include outgoing URL filters. See Chapter 3.
228. D. Secure Copy (SCP) operates on Layer 7 of the OSI model. IPv6 operates on Layer 3. TCP operates on Layer 4. Address Resolution Protocol (ARP) operates on Layer 3. See Chapter 3.
229. D. An intrusion detection system (IDS) should detect a buffer overflow attack and report it, but if it does not, it is a false negative. If the IDS falsely indicates an attack occurred, it is a false positive. If antivirus software indicates a valid application is malware, it is a false positive. A locked door that opens after a power failure is designed to fail-open. See Chapter 4.
230. D. Fabricated data on a honeypot could lure the malicious insider and entice him to access it. Antivirus software blocks malware. An intrusion prevention system (IPS) and an intrusion detection system (IDS) each detect attacks, but won't detect someone accessing data on a server. See Chapter 4.
231. C. A honeypot is a server designed to look valuable to an attacker and can help administrators learn about zero-day exploits, or previously unknown attacks. A host-based intrusion detection system (HIDS) protects host systems, but isn't helpful against network attacks. Signature-based tools would not have a signature for zero-day attacks because the attack method is unknown by definition. See Chapter 4.
232. A. This scenario describes a zero-day exploit on the software application. A zero-day exploit is one that is unknown to the vendor, or the vendor knows about, but hasn't yet released a patch or update to mitigate the threat. The other answers are specific types of attacks, but the scenario Isn't specific enough to identify the type of exploit. A buffer overflow attack occurs when an attacker attempts to write more data into an application's memory than it can handle, or to bypass the application's structured exception handling (SEH). Adobe Flash content within web pages uses locally shared objects (LSOs), similar to how regular web pages use cookies, and attackers can modify both cookies and LSOs in different types of attacks. A Structured Query Language (SQL) injection attack attempts to inject SQL code into an application to access a database. See Chapter 4.
233. A. Wi-Fi Protected Access II (WPA2) with Counter Mode Cipher Block Chaining Message Authentication Code Protocol (CCMP) uses Advanced Encryption Standard (AES). Temporal Key Integrity Protocol (TKIP) and Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) both use Rivest Cipher 4 (RC4), but not AES. See Chapter 4.
234. A. Enterprise mode implements 802.1 x as a Remote Authentication Dial-In User Service (RADIUS) server and Lightweight Extensible Authentication Protocol (LEAP) can secure the authentication channel. LEAP is a Cisco proprietary protocol, but other EAP variations can also be used, such as Protected EAP (PEAP), EAP-Transport Layer Security (EAP-TLS), and EAP Tunneled TLS (EAP-TTLS). Wi-Fi Protected Access (WPA) and WPA2 using a preshared key (PSK) do not use RADIUS. Many security protocols use Advanced Encryption Standard (AES), but AES by itself does not use RADIUS. See Chapter 4.
235. D. Media access control (MAC) address filtering is vulnerable to spoofing attacks because attackers can easily change MAC addresses on network interface cards (NICs). Wired Equivalent Privacy (WEP) can be cracked using an initialization vector (IV) attack, but not by spoofing. WPA2 Enterprise requires users to enter credentials, so it isn't susceptible to a spoofing attack. See Chapter 4.
236. A. The service set identifier (SSID) is the network name and it is included in certain wireless packets in plaintext. Disabling SSID broadcast hides the wireless network from casual users, but not attackers. Passphrases are not sent across the network in plaintext and are unrelated to the SSID. Media access control (MAC) address filters do not include the SSID. Wi-Fi Protected Access II (WPA2) does use the SSID. See Chapter 4.
237. A. The logs indicate an evil twin is in place. An evil twin is a rogue wireless access point with the same service set identifier (SSID) as a live wireless access point.The SSID is GetCertifiedGetAhead and most of the entries are from an access point (AP) with a media access control (MAC) address of 12-AB:34;CD:56:EF. However one entry shows a MAC of 56:CD:34:EF:12:AB, indicating an evil twin with the same name as the legitimate AR Power can be adjusted if necessary to reduce the visibility of the AP, but there isn't any indication this is needed. The power of the evil twin is lower, indicating it is in a different location farther away. A rogue AP is an unauthorized AP and although the evil twin is unauthorized, it is more correct to identify this as an evil twin because that is more specific. Generally, a rogue AP has a different SSID. A pharming attack redirects a web site's traffic to another web site, but this isn't Indicated in this question at all. See Chapter 4.
238. B. A wireless Jamming attack is a type of denial-of-service (DoS) attack that can cause wireless devices to lose their association with access points and disconnect them from the network. None of the other attacks are DoS attacks. An initialization vector (IV) is a specific type of attack on Wired Equivalent Privacy (WEP) to crack the key. A replay attack captures traffic with the goal of replaying it later to impersonate one of the parties in the original transmission. Wi-Fi Protected Access (WPA) cracking attacks attempt to discover the passphrase. See Chapter 4.
239. B. A virtual private network (VPN) provides access to a private network over a public network such as the Internet via remote locations and is the best choice. A web application firewall (WAF) provides protection for a web application or a web server. Intrusion detection systems (IDSs) and intrusion prevention systems (IPSs) protect networks, but do not control remote access. See Chapter 4.
240. D. An operating system baseline comparison is the best choice of the available answers. It can verify if the file is in the baseline, or was added after the server was deployed. A code review is possible if you have access to the original code, but this isn't easily possible with an executable file. Code reviews look at the code before it is released and architecture reviews look at architecture designs, but neither of these identifies malicious files after a web server has been deployed. See Chapter 5.
241. B. Administrators create a list of applications installed on systems as part of an application baseline (also called a host software baseline). An architecture review typically looks at the network architecture, not Individual systems. A code review looks for vulnerabilities within code, but applications are compiled so the code Is not easily available for review. The attack surface looks at much more than just applications and Includes protocols and services. See Chapter 5.
242. D. Whitelisting Identifies authorized software and prevents users from Installing or running any other software. Geo-tagging adds location Information to media such as photographs, but the scenario only refers to applications. Authentication allows users to prove their Identity, such as with a username and password, but isn't relevant In this question. Access control lists (ACLs) are used with routers, firewalls, and files, but do not restrict Installation of applications. See Chapter 5.
243. A. Virtualization allows multiple virtual servers to exist on a single physical server. Infrastructure as a Service (lAAS) Is a cloud-computing option where the vendor provides access to a computer, but customers manage It. Cloud computing refers to accessing computing resources via a different location than your local computer. Data loss prevention (DIP) techniques examine and inspect data looking for unauthorized data transmissions. See Chapter 5.
244. C. A virtualized sandbox provides a simple method of testing patches and would be used with snapshots so that the virtual machine (VM) can easily be reverted to the original state. A baseline Image Is a starting point of a single environment. Bring your own device (BYOD) refers to allowing employee-owned mobile devices In a network, and Is not related to this question. Change management practices ensure changes are not applied until they are approved and documented. See Chapter 5.
245. A. Patch management procedures ensure operating systems (OSs) are kept up to date with current patches. Patches ensure systems are Immune to known vulnerabilities, but none of the other answers protects systems from these known vulnerabilities. Sandboxing Isolates systems for testing. Snapshots record the state of a virtual machine at a moment In time. Baselines Identify the starting point for systems. See Chapter 5.
246. C. Remote wipe capabilities can send a remote wipe signal to the phone to delete all the data on the phone. Including any cached data. The phone Is lost, so It's too late to password-protect or encrypt the data now If these steps weren't completed previously. Although tracking the phone might be useful. It doesn't prevent the thief from reading the data. See Chapter 5.
247. C. Full device encryption helps prevent data loss In the event of theft of a mobile device storing sensitive Information. Other security controls (not listed as answers In this question) that help prevent loss of data In this situation are a screen lock, account lockout, and remote wipe capabilities. Inventory control methods help ensure devices aren't lost or stolen. Global positioning system (GPS) tracking helps locate the device. Geo-taggIng Includes geographical information with pictures posted to social media sites. See Chapter 5.
248. C. A screen lock locks a device until the proper passcode Is entered and prevents access to mobile devices when they are left unattended. Encryption protects data, especially If the device Is lost or stolen. A cable lock Is used with laptops to prevent them from being stolen. Remote wiping can erase data on a lost or stolen device. See Chapter 5.
249. B. Radio-frequency Identification (RFID) provides automated Inventory control and can detect movement of devices. Video monitoring might detect removal of devices, but it does not include automatic notification. Geo-tagging provides geographic location for pictures posted to social media sites. Account lockout controls lock accounts when the incorrect password is entered too many times. See Chapter 5.
250. C. Strong access controls and encryption are two primary methods of protecting the confidentiality of any data, including customer data. Succession planning and data recovery procedures are part of business continuity. Fault tolerance and redundancy increase the availability of data. Hashing and digital signatures provide integrity. See Chapter 5.
251. A. Full disk encryption is the best option of the available answers. Another option (not listed) is to use disk wiping procedures to erase the data. Capturing an image of the drives won't stop someone from accessing data on the original drives. Retention policies identify how long to keep data, but do not apply here. Depending on how much data is on the drives, file-level encryption can be very tedious and won't necessarily encrypt all of the sensitive data. See Chapter 5.
252. AD. A Trusted Platform Module (TPM) is a hardware chip that stores RSA encryption keys and uses hardware encryption, which is quicker than software encryption. A TPM does not use software encryption. An HSM is a removable hardware device that uses hardware encryption, but it does not have a file system and TPM does not provide HSM as a benefit. See Chapter 5.
253. D. A hardware security module (HSM) is a removable device that can generate and store RSA keys used with servers for data encryption. A data loss prevention (DLP) device is a device that can reduce the risk of employees emailing confidential information outside the organization. Software as a Service (SaaS) provides software or applications, such as webmail, via the cloud. A Trusted Platform Module (TPM) provides full drive encryption and is included in many laptops. See Chapter 5.
254. A. By ensuring that his account is automatically re-enabled, Homer has created a backdoor. He is creating this with a logic bomb, but a logic bomb isn't available as a choice in this question. Rootkits include hidden processes, but they do not activate in response to events. An armored virus uses techniques to make it difficult for researchers to reverse engineer it. Ransomware demands payment to release a user's computer or data. See Chapter 6.
255. BC. Anti-malware software and cable locks are the best choices to protect these computers. Anti-malware software protects the systems from viruses and other malware.The cable locks deter theft of the computers. A mantrap prevents tailgating, but this is unrelated to this question. Pop-up blockers are useful, but they are often included with anti-malware software, so anti-malware software is most important. Disk encryption is useful if the computers have confidential Information, but it wouldn't be appropriate to put confidential information on a public computer. See Chapters 2 and 6.
256. A. You can block emails from a specific domain sending spam by adding the domain to a block list. While the question doesn't indicate that the spam is coming from a single domain, this is still the best answer of the given choices. A URL filter blocks outgoing traffic and can be used to block the links to the malicious web sites in this scenario, but it doesn't stop the email. Switches use MAC filters to restrict access within a network. Antivirus software does not block spam. See Chapter 6.
257. B. A distributed denial-of-service (DDoS) attack includes attacks from multiple systems with the goal of depleting the target's resources. A DoS attack comes from a single system and a SYN flood is an example of a DoS attack. A buffer overflow is a type of DoS attack that attempts to write data into an application's memory. See Chapter 7.
258. CE. Brute force and dictionary attacks attempt to guess passwords, but an account lockout control locks an account after the wrong password is guessed too many times. The other attacks are not password attacks, so they aren't mitigated using account lockout controls. Domain Name System (DNS) poisoning attempts to redirect web browsers to malicious URLs. Replay attacks attempt to capture packets to impersonate one of the parties in an online session. Buffer overflow attacks attempt to overwhelm online applications with unexpected code or data. See Chapter 7.
259. D. Validating and filtering input using server-side input validation can restrict the use of special characters needed in cross-site request forgery (XSRF) attacks. Both server-side and client-side input validation is useful, but client-side input validation can be bypassed, so it should not be used alone. A web proxy can filter URLs, but it cannot validate data. Additionally, web proxies can be used to bypass client-side input validation techniques. Antivirus software cannot detect XSRF attacks. See Chapter 7.
260. A. Input validation should be performed on the server side. Client-side validation can be combined with server-side validation, but it can be bypassed so it should not be used alone. Boundary or limit checks are an important part of input validation. Input validation does not require encryption of data with Transport Layer Security (TLS) or any other encryption protocol. See Chapter 7.
261. D. One type of buffer overflow attack attempts to write more data into an application's memory than it can handle. A cross-site request forgery (XSRF) attack attempts to launch attacks with HTML code. Lightweight Directory Application Protocol (LDAP) injection attacks attempt to query directory service databases such as Microsoft Active Directory. Fuzzing inputs random data into an application during testing. See Chapter 7.
262. B. Fuzzing or fuzz testing sends extra input to an application to test it. Ideally, the application can handle the extra input, but it is possible that fuzz testing causes an application to crash. Other answers do not cause the application to crash. A SQL injection attack sends specific SQL code to access or modify data in a database. A cross-site request forgery (XSRF) attack uses HTML or JavaScript code to take actions on behalf of a user. See Chapter 7.
263. C. Annual loss expectancy (ALE) is part of a quantitative risk assessment and is the most likely answer of those given. It is calculated by multiplying the single loss expectancy times the annual rate of occurrence (ARC). Mean time to recover (MTTR) and mean time to failure (MTTF) do not identify the number of failures in a year. See Chapter 8.
264. C. The annual loss expectancy (ALE) is $75,000. The single loss expectancy (SLE) is $750,000 ($300 per record x 2,500 records). The annual rate of occurrence (ARC) is 10 percent or .10. You calculate the ALE as SLE x ARC ($750,000 x .10). One single record is $300, but if an attacker can gain access to the database, the attacker can access all 2,500 records. If the ARC was .05, the ALE would be $37,500. See Chapter 8.
265. A. This command sends a query to serverl over port 80 and if the server is running a service on port 80, it will connect.This is a common beginning command for a banner grabbing attempt. It does not send 80 separate packets. If 80 was omitted, Telnet would attempt to connect using its default port of 23 and attempt to create a Telnet session. Remote Desktop Protocol (RDP) uses port 3389 and is not relevant in this scenario. See Chapter 8.
266. B. Malware is a constant threat and without antivirus software, systems are sure to become infected in a short period of time. Natural disasters are a risk, but not on a day-to-day basis. Encryption protects data at rest and data In transit, but a lack of encryption isn't likely to affect the organization on a day-to-day basis. See Chapter 8.
267. D. A vulnerability scan checks systems for potential vulnerabilities, including vulnerabilities related to misconfiguration. Although a penetration test (pentest) can identify misconfigured systems, it also attempts to exploit vulnerabilities on these systems, so it isn't appropriate if you only want to identify the systems. A virus scan identifies malware and a load test determines if a system can handle a load, but neither of these identifies misconfigured systems. See Chapter 8.
268. D. A vulnerability scan identifies the security posture of a network, but it does not actually exploit any weaknesses. In contrast, a penetration test attempts to exploit weaknesses. A virus scan searches a system for malware and a port scan identifies open ports, but neither identifies the security posture of an entire network. See Chapter 8.
269. C. A vulnerability scan can verify if security controls are in place, and it does not try to exploit these controls using any invasive methods. A pentest (or penetration test) can verify if security controls are in place, but it is invasive and can potentially compromise a system. A protocol analyzer is not invasive, but it cannot determine if security controls are in place. Host enumeration identifies hosts on a network, but does not check for security controls. See Chapter 8.
270. A. Peers, such as other developers, perform code reviews going line-by-line through the software code looking for vulnerabilities, such as buffer overflows and race conditions. Change management helps prevent unintended outages from configuration changes. Routine audits review processes and procedures, but not software code. A user rights and permissions review ensures users have appropriate privileges. See Chapter 8.
271. B. A design review ensures that systems and software are developed properly. A code review is appropriate if the organization is developing its own software for these new systems, but the scenario doesn't indicate this. A baseline review identifies changes from the initial baseline configuration, but couldn't be done for systems that aren't deployed yet. Identifying the attack surface, including the required protocols and services, would likely be part of the design review, but the design review does much more. See Chapter 8.
272. D. A baseline review identifies changes from the original deployed configuration. The original configuration is also known as the baseline. A code review checks internally developed software for vulnerabilities. A design review verifies the design of software or applications to ensure they are developed properly. Determining the attack surface is an assessment technique, but it does not identify changes. See Chapter 8.
273. D. A black box tester doesn't have access to any data prior to a test and this Includes application interfaces, code, and data. White box testers would be given full access to the application interfaces, code, and data, and gray box testers would be given some access. Black hat refers to a malicious attacker. See Chapter 8.
274. B. A protocol analyzer (or sniffer) can capture traffic allowing an administrator to inspect the protocol headers. A web security gateway is a type of security appliance that protects against multiple threats, but doesn't necessarily capture traffic for inspection. A honeypot contains fake data designed to entice attackers. A vulnerability assessment identifies a system or network's security posture and it might include using a protocol analyzer, but does much more. See Chapter 8.
275. B. A protocol analyzer (also called a sniffer) is the best choice to capture and analyze network traffic. Although the traffic probably goes through a switch, the switch doesn't capture the traffic in such a way that you can analyze it. It's unlikely that the traffic is going through a firewall between two internal servers and even if it did, the best you could get is data from the firewall log, but this wouldn't provide the same level of detail as a capture from the sniffer. A network intrusion detection system (NIDS) detects traffic, but it isn't the best tool to capture and analyze it. See Chapter 8.
276. C. A redundant array of inexpensive disks (RAID) subsystem is a relatively low-cost solution for fault tolerance for disks. RAID also increases data availability. Load balancing and failover clustering add in additional servers, which is significantly more expensive than RAID. A cold site is a completely separate location, which can be expensive, but a cold site does not provide fault tolerance. See Chapter 9.
277. A. Load-balancing solutions increase the availability of web-based solutions by spreading the load among multiple servers. A proxy server is used by internal clients to access Internet resources and does not increase availability of a web server. A unified threat management (UTM) system protects internal resources from attacks, but does not directly increase the availability of web-based applications. Content inspection is one of the features of a UTM, and it protects internal clients but does not directly increase the availability of web-based applications. See Chapter 9.
278. B. A business impact analysis (BIA) includes information on potential monetary losses and is the most likely document of those listed that would include this information. A business continuity plan (BCP) includes a BIA, but the BIA is more likely to include this information than the BCP is. A disaster recovery plan (DRP) includes methods used to recover from an outage. The recovery point objective (RPO) refers to the amount of data you can afford to lose, but it does not include monetary losses. See Chapter 9.
279. D. A communications plan will include methods used to respond to media requests, including basic templates. Although not available as a possible answer, it would also include methods used to communicate with response team members, employees, suppliers, and customers. None of the other answers are part of a communications plan. A DRP includes a list of systems to recover in hierarchical order. An incident response plan identifies incident response procedures. A BIA identifies critical systems and components. See Chapter 9.
280. A. Remote Authentication Dial-In User Service (RADIUS) uses symmetric encryption. It does not use asymmetric encryption, which uses a public key and a private key. Message Digest 5 (MD5) and Secure Hash Algorithm (SNA) are hashing algorithms.
281. D. Rivest Cipher 4 (RC4) is a symmetric encryption stream cipher, and a stream cipher is often the best choice for encrypting data of an unknown size, such as streaming video. Encryption is the best way to ensure the confidentiality of data. Password-Based Key Derivation Function 2 (PBKDF2) is a key stretching technique designed to protect passwords against brute force attempts and is not used for streaming data. Data Encryption Standard (DES) is an older block cipher that is not secure. Message Digest 5 (MD5) is a hashing algorithm used for integrity. See Chapter 10.
282. B. Rivest, Shamir, Adieman (RSA) is used to create key pairs. Message Digest 5 (MD5) and Hash- based Message Authentication Code (HMAC) are hashing algorithms. Advanced Encryption Standard (AES) is a symmetric encryption algorithm. See Chapter 10.
283. D. Elliptic Curve Diffie-Hellman Ephemeral (ECDHE) allows entities to negotiate encryption keys securely over a public network. Password-Based Key Derivation Function 2 (PBKDF2) is a key stretching technique designed to make password cracking more difficult. A certificate revocation list (CRL) identifies revoked certificates and is unrelated to sharing encryption keys. Hashing methods do not support sharing encryption keys over a public network. See Chapter 10.
284. B. Steganography allows users to hide data within the white space of other files, including .jpg files. None of the other choices hides data within another file. Elliptic curve cryptography (ECC) is often used with mobile devices for encryption because it has minimal overhead. A certificate revocation list (CRL) identifies revoked certificates. File-level encryption encrypts a file, such as a master password list, but does not hide data within another file. See Chapter 10.
285. C. Transport encryption techniques such as Internet Protocol security (IPsec) provide confidentiality. Both stream ciphers and block ciphers can be used by different transport encryption protocols. Hashing provides integrity, but encryption is needed to provide confidentiality. See Chapters 3,4, and 10.
286. C. The best method of preventing unintentional exposure of confidential information is encryption, so encrypting all outbound emails containing confidential information is the best choice. Hashing the emails doesn't protect the confidentiality of the information. Digital signatures provide proof of who sent an email, but don't protect confidentiality. Data loss prevention (DLP) techniques can detect when employees send out some types of data, but block the transmission and would prevent the auditors from getting the data they need. See Chapter 10.
287. BD. Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) and Transport Layer Security (TLS) secure Internet traffic with the use of certificates. Secure Shell (SSH) encrypts traffic such as Secure Copy (SCP), Secure File Transfer Protocol (SFTP), and Telnet but none of these use certificates. See Chapter 10.
288. B. Carl uses his private key to digitally sign the file. Lenny uses Carl's public key to decrypt the digital signature. Lenny's keys are not used in this scenario. See Chapter 10.
289. D. Non-repudiation methods such as digital signatures prevent users from denying they took an action. Encryption methods protect confidentiality. Access control methods protect access to data. See Chapters 1 and 10.
290. A. A Public Key Infrastructure (PKI) requires a Certificate Authority (CA), so a CA should be installed first. Smart cards require certificates and would be issued by the CA. After installing the CA, you can generate key pairs to be used with certificates issued by the CA. A recovery agent can be identified, but it isn't required to be done as a first step for a CA. See Chapter 10.
291. A. A wildcard certificate reduces the certificate management burden by using an asterisk (*) in place of child domain names. The certificate still has a single public and private key pair. The wildcard doesn't affect the lifetime of the certificate. See Chapter 10.
292. D. He should publish the certificate in his new smart card in a global address list within the domain. It is not possible for users to copy a certificate, a public key, or a private key to a smart card. See Chapter 10.
293. C. A certificate signing request (CSR) uses a specific format to request a certificate. You submit the CSR to a Certificate Authority (CA), but the request needs to be in the CSR format. A certificate revocation list (CRL) is a list of revoked certificates. The Online Certificate Status Protocol (OCSP) is an alternate method of validating certificates and indicates if a certificate is good, revoked, or unknown. See Chapter 10.
294. B. Recovery agents can decrypt data and messages if users lose their private key. Public keys are publicly available, so recovery agents aren't needed to retrieve them. A recovery agent wouldn't encrypt a user's data. Although backups are important, this isn't the role of a recovery agent. See Chapter 10.
295. A. This describes a separation of duties policy where the application developers create and modify the code, and the administrators deploy the code to live production systems, but neither group can perform both functions. Developers would typically develop the original code, and modify it when necessary.This scenario does not mention databases. See Chapter 11.
296. C. A change management process ensures that changes are approved before being implemented and would prevent risks associated with unintended outages. A risk assessment identifies risks at a given point in time.Tabletop exercises test business continuity and disaster recovery plans. Incident management is only related to security incidents. See Chapter 11.
297. B. Social media is a type of media that allows the mass distribution of personal comments to specific groups of people and it is a potential risk to organizations due to possible data leakage. Peer-to-peer (P2P) sites allow users to share data, but it is also a source of data leakage. Media devices such as MPS players don't support sharing comments among specific groups of users. The news media reports on news stories. See Chapter 11.
298. A. The preparation stage is the first phase of common incident response procedures, and attempts to prevent incidents and plan methods to respond to incidents. Incident identification occurs after a potential incident occurs and verifies it is an incident You attempt to reduce or remove the effects of an incident during the mitigation stage. Lessons learned occurs later and involves analysis to identify steps that will prevent a future occurrence. See Chapter 11.
299. A. Data on a hard disk drive is the least volatile of those listed. All other sources are some type of memory, which will be lost if a system is turned off. This includes data in a redundant array of inexpensive disks 6 (RAID-6) cache, normal memory, and the central processing unit's (CPU's) memory. See Chapter 11.
300. B. A chain of custody was not maintained because the hard drive was left unattended for several hours before capturing an image. Witnesses were not mentioned, but are not needed if the chain of custody was maintained. Theorderof volatility does not apply here, but the hard drive is not volatile. Analysis would occur after capturing an image, but there isn't any indication it wasn't done or wasn't complete. See Chapter 11.
