1. A security administrator is implementing a security program that addresses confidentiality and availability. Of the following choices, what else should the administrator include?
A. Ensure critical systems provide uninterrupted service.
B. Protect data in transit from unauthorized disclosure.
C. Ensure systems are not susceptible to unauthorized changes.
D. Secure data to prevent unauthorized disclosure.
2. You need to transmit PII via email and you want to maintain its confidentiality. Of the following choices, what is the BEST solution?
A. Use hashes.
B. Encrypt it before sending.
C. Protect it with a digital signature.
D. Use RAID.
3. Lisa manages network devices in your organization and maintains copies of the configuration files for all the managed routers and switches. On a weekly basis, she creates hashes for these files and compares them with hashes she created on the same files the previous week. Which security goal is she pursuing?
A. Confidentiality
B. Integrity
C. Availability
D. Safety
4. An organization wants to provide protection against malware attacks. Administrators have installed antivirus software on all computers. Additionally, they implemented a firewall and an IDS on the network. Which of the following BEST identifies this principle?
A. Implicit deny
B. Layered security
C. Least privilege
D. Flood guard
5. Homer called into the help desk and says he forgot his password. Which of the following choices is the BEST choice for what the help-desk professional should do?
A. Verify the user's account exists.
B. Look up the user's password and tell the user what it is.
C. Disable the user's account.
D. Reset the password and configure the password to expire after the first use.
6. Which type of authentication does a hardware token provide?
A. Biometric
B. PIN
C. Strong password
D. One-time password
7. Which type of authentication is a retina scan?
A. Multifactor
B. TOTP
C. Biometric
D. Dual-factor
8. Users are required to log on to their computers with a smart card and a PIN. Which of the following BEST describes this?
A. Single-factor authentication
B. Multifactor authentication
C. Mutual authentication
D.TOTP
9. Your company recently began allowing workers to telecommute from home one or more days a week. However, your company doesn't currently have a remote access solution. They want to implement an AAA solution that supports different vendors. Which of the following is the BEST choice?
A. TACACS+
B. RADIUS
C. Circumference
D. SAML
10. Your organization has implemented a system that stores user credentials in a central database. Users log on once with their credentials. They can then access other systems in the organization without logging on again. What does this describe?
A. Same sign-on
B. SAML
C. Single sign-on
D. Biometrics
11. Your organization issues users a variety of different mobile devices. However, management wants to reduce potential data losses if the devices are lost or stolen. Which of the following is the BEST technical control to achieve this goal?
A. Cable locks
B. Risk assessment
C. Disk encryption
D. Hardening the systems
12. Your primary job activities include monitoring security logs, analyzing trend reports, and installing CCTV systems. Which of the following choices BEST identifies your responsibilities? (Select TWO.)
A. Hardening systems
B. Detecting security incidents
C. Preventing incidents
D. Implementing monitoring controls
13. A security professional has reported an increase in the number of tailgating violations into a secure data center. What can prevent this?
A. CCTV
B. Mantrap
C. Proximity card
D. Cipher lock
14. You are redesigning your password policy. You want to ensure that users change their passwords regularly, but they are unable to reuse passwords. What settings should you configure? (Select THREE.)
A. Maximum password age
B. Password length
C. Password history
D. Password complexity
E. Minimum password age
15. An outside security auditor recently completed an in-depth security audit on your network. One of the issues he reported was related to passwords. Specifically, he found the following passwords used on the network: Pa$$, 1@W2, and G7bT3. What should be changed to avoid the problem shown with these passwords?
A. Password complexity
B. Password length
C. Password history
D. Password reuse
16. A recent security audit discovered several apparently dormant user accounts. Although users could log on to the accounts, no one had logged on to them for more than 60 days. You later discovered that these accounts are for contractors who work approximately one week every quarter. What is the BEST response to this situation?
A. Remove the account expiration from the accounts.
B. Delete the accounts.
C. Reset the accounts.
D. Disable the accounts.
17. Your organization routinely hires contractors to assist with different projects. Administrators are rarely notified when a project ends and contractors leave. Which of the following is the BEST choice to ensure that contractors cannot log on with their account after they leave?
A. Enable account expiration.
B. Enable an account enablement policy.
C. Enable an account recovery policy.
D. Enable generic accounts.
18. Developers are planning to develop an application using role-based access control. Which of the following would they MOST likely include in their planning?
A. A listing of labels reflecting classification levels
B. A requirements list identifying need to know
C. A listing of owners
D. A matrix of functions matched with their required privileges
19. An organization has implemented an access control model that enforces permissions based on data labels assigned at different levels. What type of model is this?
A. DAC
B. MAC
C. Role-BAC
D. Rule-BAC
20. Your organization's security policy requires that PII data at rest and PII data in transit be encrypted. Of the following choices, what would the organization use to achieve these objectives? (Select TWO.)
A. FTP
B. SSH
C. SMTP
D. PGP/GPG
E. HTTP
21. Which of the following lists of protocols use TCP port 22 by default?
A. FTPS,TLS. SCP
B. SCP. SFTP, FTPS
C. HTTPS, SSL,TLS
D. SSH, SCP, SFTP
E. SCP, SSH, SSL
22. Bart wants to block access to all external web sites. Which port should he block at the firewall?
A. TCP 22
B. TCP 53
C. UDP 69
D. TCP 80
23. You need to manage a remote server. Which of the following ports should you open on the firewall between your system and the remote server?
A. 25 and 3389
B. 22 and 443
C. 22 and 3389
D. 21 and 23
24. While reviewing logs on a firewall, you see several requests for the AAAA record of gcgapremium.com. What is the purpose of this request?
A. To identify the IPv4 address ofgcgapremium.com
B. To identify the IPv6 address ofgcgapremium.com
C. To identify the mail server for gcgapremium.com
D. To identify any aliases used bygcgapremium.com
25. Your organization has several switches used within the network. You need to implement a security control to secure the switch from physical access. What should you do?
A. Disable unused ports.
B. Implement an implicit deny rule.
C. Disable SIR
D. Enable SSH.
26. You are configuring a switch and need to ensure that only authorized devices can connect to it and access the network through this switch. Which of the following is the BEST choice to meet this goal?
A. Implement 802.1 x.
B. Use a Layer 3 switch.
C. Create a VLAN.
D. Enable RSTP.
27. You need to configure a UTM security appliance to restrict access to peer-to-peer file sharing web sites. What are you MOST likely to configure?
A. Content inspection
B. Malware inspection
C. URL filter
D. Stateless inspection
28. Your organization has implemented a network design that allows internal computers to share one public IP address. Of the following choices, what did they MOST likely implement?
A. PAT
B. STP
C. DNAT
D. TLS
29. What would you configure on a Layer 3 device to allow FTP traffic to pass through?
A. Router
B. Implicit deny
C. Port security
D. Access control list
30. What type of device would have the following entries used to define its operation?  PERMIT IP any any eq 80  PERMIT IP any any eq 443   DENY IP any any
A. Layer 2 switch
B. Proxy server
C. Web server
D. Firewall
31. You are preparing to deploy an anomaly-based detection system to monitor network activity. What would you create first?
A. Flood guards
B. Signatures
C. Baseline
D. Honeypot
32. A security company wants to gather intelligence about current methods attackers are using against its clients. What can it use?
A. Vulnerability scan
B. Honeynet
C. MAC address filtering
D. Evil twin
33. Lisa oversees and monitors processes at a water treatment plant using SCADA systems. Administrators recently discovered malware on her system that was connecting to the SCADA systems. Although they removed the malware, management is still concerned. Lisa needs to continue using her system and it's not possible to update the SCADA systems. What can mitigate this risk?
A. Install HIPS on the SCADA systems.
B. Install a firewall on the border of the SCADA network.
C. Install a NIPS on the border of the SCADA network.
D. Install a honeypot on the SCADA network.
34. Your organization maintains a separate wireless network for visitors in a conference room. However, you have recently noticed that people are connecting to this network even when there aren't any visitors in the conference room. You want to prevent these connections, while maintaining easy access for visitors in the conference room. Which of the following is the BEST solution?
A. Disable SSID broadcasting.
B. Enable MAC filtering.
C. Use wireless jamming.
D. Reduce antenna power.
35. Which of the following represents the BEST action to increase security in a wireless network?
A. Replace dipole antennas with Yagi antennas.
B. Replace TKIP with CCMP.
C. Replace WPA with WEP.
D. Disable SSID broadcast.
36. Your organization is hosting a wireless network with an 802.1 x server using PEAR On Thursday, users report they can no longer access the wireless network. Administrators verified the network configuration matches the baseline, there aren't any hardware outages, and the wired network is operational. Which of the following is the MOST likely cause for this problem?
A. The RADIUS server certificate expired.
B. DNS is providing incorrect host names.
C. DHCP is issuing duplicate IP addresses.
D. MAC filtering is enabled.
37. You are planning a wireless network for a business. A core requirement is to ensure that the solution encrypts user credentials when users enter their usernames and passwords. Which of the following BEST meets this requirement?
A. WPA2-PSK
B. WEP over PEAP
C. WPS with LEAP
D. WPA2 over EAP-TTLS
38. A small business owner modified his wireless router with the following settings: PERMIT 1A:2B:3C:4D:5E:6F DENY 6F:5E:4D:3C:2B:1A  After saving the settings, an employee reports that he cannot access the wireless network anymore. What is the MOST likely reason that the employee cannot access the network?
A. IP address filtering
B. Hardware address filtering
C. Port filtering
D. URL filtering
39. Homer recently implemented a wireless network in his home using WEP. He asks you for advice. Which of the following is the BEST advice you can give him?
A. He should not use WEP because It uses a weak encryption algorithm.
B. He should also ensure he disables SSID broadcast for security purposes.
C. He should ensure it is in Enterprise mode.
D. He should not use WEP because it implements weak IVs for encryption keys.
40. Which of the following is an attack against a mobile device?
A. War chalking
B. SSID hiding
C. Evil twin
D. Bluejacking
41. A network administrator needs to open a port on a firewall to support a VPN using PPTP. Which port should the administrator open?
A. UDP 47
B. TCP 50
C. TCP 1723
D. UDP 1721
42. Attackers recently attacked a web server hosted by your organization. Management has tasked administrators with reducing the attack surface of this server to prevent future attacks. Which of the following will meet this goal?
A. Disabling unnecessary services
B. Installing and updating antivirus software
C. Identifying the baseline
D. Installing a NIDS
43. Network administrators identified what appears to be malicious traffic coming from an internal computer, but only when no one is logged on to the computer. You suspect the system is infected with malware. It periodically runs an application that attempts to connect to web sites over port 80 with Telnet. After comparing the computer with a list of services from the standard image, you verify this application is very likely the problem. What process allowed you to make this determination?
A. Banner grabbing
B. Hardening
C. Whitelisting
D. Baselining
44. An updated security policy defines what applications users can install and run on company- issued mobile devices. Which of the following technical controls will enforce this policy?
A. Whitelisting
B. Blacklisting
C. AUP
D. BYOD
45. You want to test new security controls before deploying them. Which of the following technologies provides the MOST flexibility to meet this goal?
A. Baselines
B. Hardening techniques
C. Virtualization technologies
D. Patch management programs
46. An organization recently suffered a significant outage after a technician installed an application update on a vital server during peak hours. The server remained down until administrators were able to install a previous version of the application on the server. What could the organization implement to prevent a re-occurrence of this problem?
A. Do not apply application patches to server applications.
B. Apply the patches during non-peak hours.
C. Apply hardening techniques.
D. Create a patch management policy.
47. A security analyst is evaluating a critical industrial control system. The analyst wants to ensure the system has security controls to support availability. Which of the following will BEST meet this need?
A. Using at least two firewalls to create a DMZ
B. Installing a SCADA system
C. Implementing control redundancy and diversity
D. Using an embedded system
48. Of the following choices, what are valid security controls for mobile devices?
A. Screen locks, device encryption, and remote wipe
B. Host-based firewalls, pop-up blockers, and SCADA access
C. Antivirus software, voice encryption, and MAC
D. Remote lock, NAC, and locking cabinets
49. A new mobile device security policy has authorized the use of employee-owned devices, but mandates additional security controls to protect them if devices are lost or stolen. Which of the following meets this goal?
A. Screen locks and geo-tagging
B. Patch management and change management
C. Screen locks and device encryption
D. Full device encryption and laaS
50. You want to deter an attacker from using brute force to gain access to a mobile device. What would you configure?
A. Remote wiping
B. Account lockout settings
C. Geo-tagging
D. RFID
51. Management within your company is considering allowing users to connect to the corporate network with their personally owned devices. Which of the following represents a security concern with this policy?
A. Inability to ensure devices are up to date with current system patches
B. Difficulty in locating lost devices
C. Cost of the devices
D. Devices might not be compatible with applications within the network
52. Your organization is planning to issue mobile devices to some employees, but management is concerned about protecting the confidentiality of data if the devices are lost or stolen. Which of the following is the BEST way to secure data at rest on a mobile device?
A. Strong passwords
B. Hashing
C. RAID-6
D. Full device encryption
53. Your organization recently purchased several new laptop computers for employees. You're asked to encrypt the laptop's hard drives without purchasing any additional hardware. What would you use?
A. TPM
B. HSM
C. VM escape
D. DLP
54. Management within your organization wants to limit documents copied to USB flash drives. Which of the following can be used to meet this goal?
A. DLP
B. Content filtering
C. IPS
D. Logging
55. Bart installed code designed to enable his account automatically, three days after anyone disables it. What does this describe?
A. Logic bomb
B. Rootkit
C. Armored virus
D. Ransomware
56. Lisa recently completed an application used by the Personnel department to store PII and other employee information. She programmed in the ability to access this application with a username and password that only she knows, so that she can perform remote maintenance on the application if necessary. What does this describe?
A. Armored virus
B. Polymorphic virus
C. Backdoor
D.Trojan
57. A recent change in an organization's security policy states that monitors need to be positioned so that they cannot be viewed from outside any windows. What is the purpose of this policy?
A. Reduce success of phishing
B. Reduce success of shoulder surfing
C. Reduce success of dumpster diving
D. Reduce success of impersonation
58. You are troubleshooting an intermittent connectivity issue with a web server. After examining the logs, you identify repeated connection attempts from various IP addresses. You realize these connection attempts are overloading the server, preventing it from responding to other connections. Which of the following is MOST Iikely occurring?
A. DDoS attack
B. DoS attack
C. Smurf attack
D. Salting attack
59. Your organization includes the following statement in the security policy: "Security controls need to protect against both online and offline password brute force attacks." Which of the following controls is the LEAST helpful to meet these goals?
A. Account expiration
B. Account lockout
C. Password complexity
D. Password length
60. A code review of a web application discovered that the application is not performing boundary checking. What should the web developer add to this application to resolve this issue?
A. XSRF
B. XSS
C. Input validation
D. Fuzzing
61. A web developer is using methods to validate user input in a web site application. This ensures the application isn't vulnerable to all of the following attacks except one. Which of the following attacks is NOT prevented by validating user input?
A. XSS
B. SQL injection
C. Buffer overflow
D. Command injection
E. Whaling
62. Checking the logs of a web server, you see the following entry: 198.252.69.129-[1/Sep/2013:05:20]"GET/index.php?username=ZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZ BBBBBBBBCCCCCCCHTTP/1.1 ""http://gcgapremium.com/security/""Chrome31"  Which of the following is the BEST choice to explain this entry?
A. A SQL injection attack
B. A pharming attack
C. A phishing attack
D. A buffer overflow attack
63. Looking at logs for an online web application, you see that someone has entered the following phrase into several queries; •or'r='V-    Which of the following is the MOST likely explanation for this?
A. A buffer overflow attack
B. An XSS attack
C. A SQL injection attack
D. An LDAP injection attack
64. A security tester is using fuzzing techniques to test a software application. Which of the following does fuzzing use to test the application?
A. Formatted input
B. Unexpected input
C. Formatted output
D. Unexpected output
65. An organization has purchased fire insurance to manage the risk of a potential fire. What method are they using?
A. Risk acceptance
B. Risk avoidance
C. Risk deterrence
D. Risk mitigation
E. Risk transference
66. You are asked to identify the number of times a specific type of incident occurs per year. Which of the following BEST identifies this?
A. ALE
B. ARC
C. MTTF
D. SLE
67. Lisa needs to calculate the total ALE for a group of servers used in the network. During the past two years, five of the servers failed. The hardware cost to replace each server is $3,500, and the downtime has resulted in $2,500 of additional losses. What is the ALE?
A. $7,000
B. $10,000
C.$ 15,000
D. $30,000
68. Security experts at your organization have determined that your network has been repeatedly attacked from multiple entities in a foreign country. Research indicates these are coordinated and sophisticated attacks. What BEST describes this activity?
A. Fuzzing
B. Sniffing
C. Spear phishing
D. Advanced persistent threat
69. Bart is performing a vulnerability assessment Which of the following BEST represents the goal of this task?
A. Identify services running on a system.
B. Determine if vulnerabilities can be exploited.
C. Determine if input validation is in place.
D. Identify the system's security posture.
70. You need to ensure that several systems have all appropriate security controls and patches. However, your supervisor specifically told you not to attack or compromise any of these systems. Which of the following is the BEST choice to meet these goals?
A. Vulnerability scan
B. Penetration test
C. Command injection
D. Virus scan
71. Which of the following tools is the MOST invasive type of testing?
A. Pentest
B. Protocol analyzer
C. Vulnerability scan
D. Host enumeration
72. A security professional is testing the functionality of an application, but does not have any knowledge about the internal coding of the application. What type of test is this tester performing?
A. White box
B. Black box
C. Gray box
D. Black hat
73. Testers are analyzing a web application your organization is planning to deploy. They have full access to product documentation, including the code and data structures used by the application. What type of test will they MOST likely perform?
A. Gray box
B. White box
C. Black box
D. White hat
74. A network administrator is attempting to identify all traffic on an Internal network. Which of the following tools is the BEST choice?
A. Black box test
B. Protocol analyzer
C. Penetration test
D. Baseline review
75. Your organization's security policy requires that personnel notify security administrators if an incident occurs. However, this is not occurring consistently. Which of the following could the organization implement to ensure security administrators are notified in a timely manner?
A. Routine auditing
B. User rights and permissions reviews
C. Design review
D. Incldent response team
76. A security administrator is reviewing an organization's security policy and notices that the policy does not define a time frame for reviewing user rights and permissions. Which of the folowing is the MINIMUM time frame that she should recommend?
A. At least once a year
B. At least once every five years
C. Anytime an employee leaves the organization
D. Anytime a security incident has been identified
77. Security personnel recently performed a security audit. They identified several employees who had permissions for previously held jobs within the company. What should the organization implement to prevent this in the future?
A. Role-BAC model
B. Account disablement policy
C. Vulnerability assessment
D. Account management controls
78. You are a technician at a small organization. You need to add fault-tolerance capabilities within the business to increase the availability of data. However, you need to keep costs as low as possible. Which of the following is the BEST choice to meet these needs?
A. Failover cluster
B. RAID-6
C. Backups
D. UPS
79. An organization needs to identify a continuity of operations plan that will allow it to provide temporary IT support during a disaster. The organization does not want to have a dedicated site. Which of the following provides the best solution?
A. Cold site
B. Warm site
C. Hot site
D. Mobile site
80. Monty Burns is the CEO of the Springfield Nuclear Power Plant. What would the company have in place in case something happens to him?
A. Business continuity planning
B. Succession planning
C. Separation of duties
D. IT contingency planning
81. A continuity of operations plan for an organization includes the use of a warm site. The BCP coordinator wants to verify that the organization's backup data center is prepared to implement the warm site if necessary. Which of the following is the BEST choice to meet this need?
A. Perform a review of the disaster recovery plan.
B. Ask the managers of the backup data center.
C. Perform a disaster recovery exercise.
D. Perform a test restore.
82. Users are complaining of intermittent connectivity issues. When you investigate, you discover that new network cables for these user systems were run across several fluorescent lights. What environmental control will resolve this issue?
A. HVAC system
B. Fire suppression
C. Humidity controls
D. EMI shielding
83. A software company occasionally provides application updates and patches via its web site. It also provides a checksum for each update and patch. Which of the following BEST describes the purpose of the checksum?
A. Availability of updates and patches
B. Integrity of updates and patches
C. Confidentiality of updates and patches
D. Integrity of the application
84. A function converts data into a string of characters and the string of characters cannot be reversed to re-create the original data. What type of function is this?
A. Symmetric encryption
B. Asymmetric encryption
C. Stream cipher
D. Hashing
85. Which of the following Is a symmetric encryption algorithm that encrypts data one bit at a time?
A. Block cipher
B. Stream cipher CAES
D. DBS
E. MD5
86. A supply company has several legacy systems connected together within a warehouse. An external security audit discovered the company Is using DBS and mandated the company upgrade DES to meet minimum security requirements. The company plans to replace the legacy systems next year, but needs to meet the requirements from the audit. Which of the following Is MOST likely to be the simplest upgrade for these systems?
A. AES
B. HMAC
C. 3DES
D. SSL
87. Network administrators In your organization need to administer firewalls, security appliances, and other network devices. These devices are protected with strong passwords, and the passwords are stored In a file listing these passwords. Which of the following Is the BEST choice to protect this password list?
A. File encryption
B. Database field encryption
C. Full database encryption
D. Whole disk encryption
88. Bart, an employee at your organization, is suspected of leaking data to a competitor. Investigations Indicate he sent several email messages containing pictures of his dog. Investigators have not been able to Identify any other suspicious activity. Which of the following Is MOST likely occurring?
A. Bart is copying the data to a USB drive.
B. Bart Is encrypting the data.
C. Bart Is leaking data using steganography.
D. Bart is sending the data as text In the emails.
89. You are planning to encrypt data In transit with IPsec. Which of the following Is MOST likely to be used with IPsec?
A. HMAC
B. Blowfish
C. Twofish
D. MDS
90. Bart wants to send a secure email to Lisa, so he decides to encrypt It. He wants to ensure that only Lisa can decrypt It. Which of the following does Lisa need to meet this requirement?
A. Bart's public key
B. Bart's private key
C. Lisa's public key
D. Lisa's private key
91. An organization requested bids for a contract and asked companies to submit their bids via email. After winning the bid, Acme realized it couldn't meet the requirements of the contract. Acme instead stated that it never submitted the bid. Which of the following would provide proof to the organization that Acme did submit the bid?
A. Digital signature
B. Integrity
C. Repudiation
D. Encryption
92. Application developers are creating an application that requires users to log on with strong passwords. The developers want to store the passwords in such a way that it will thwart brute force attacks. Which of the following is the BEST solution?
A. 3DES
B. MD5
C. PBKDF2
D. Database fields
93. A website is using a certificate. Users have recently been receiving errors from the web site indicating that the web site's certificate is revoked. Which of the following includes a list of certificates that have been revoked?
A. CRL
B. CA
C. OCSP
D. CSR
94. Which of the following is a management control?
A. Encryption
B. Security policy
C. Least privilege
D. Change management
95. Security personnel recently identified potential fraud committed by a network administrator. Investigators discovered this administrator performs several job functions within the organization, including database administration and application development. Which of the following is the BEST solution to reduce risk associated with this activity?
A. Mandatory vacations
B. Mandatory access control
C. Change management
D. Separation of duties
96. Security experts want to reduce risks associated with updating critical operating systems. Which of the following will BEST meet this goal?
A. Load balancing
B. Change management
C. Incident management
D. Key management
97. Your company is considering implementing SSO capabilities to company applications and linking them to a social media site. When implemented, users can log on to Facebook and then access company applications without logging on again. What is a potential risk related to this plan?
A. A data breach exposing passwords on the company site will affect the social media site.
B. SAML lacks adequate security when used on the Internet.
C. XML lacks adequate security when used on the Internet.
D. A data breach exposing passwords on the social media site will affect the company application.
98. You work as a help-desk professional in a large organization. You have begun to receive an extraordinary number of calls from employees related to malware. Using common incident response procedures, what should be your FIRST response?
A. Preparation
B. Identification
C. Escalation
D. Mitigation
99. A technician confiscated an employee's computer after management learned the employee had unauthorized material on his system. Later, a security expert captured a forensic image of the system disk. However, the security expert reported the computer was left unattended for several hours before he captured the image. Which of the following is a potential issue if this incident goes to court?
A. Chain of custody
B. Order of volatility
C. Time offset
D. Lack of metrics
100. Social engineers have launched several successful phone-based attacks against your organization resulting in several data leaks. Which of the following would be the MOST effective at reducing the success of these attacks?
A. Implement a BYOD policy.
B. Update the AUP.
C. Provide training on data handling.
D. Implement a program to increase security awareness.
1001. Homer needs to send an email to his HR department with an attachment that includes PII. He wants to maintain the confidentiality of this attachment. Which of the following choices is the BEST choice to meet his needs?
A. Hashing
B. Digital signature
C. Encryption
D. Certificate
1002. You want to ensure that messages sent from administrators to managers arrive unchanged. Which security goal are you addressing?
A. Confidentiality
B. Integrity
C. Availability
D. Authentication
1003. Your organization recently implemented two servers that act as failover devices for each other. Which security goal is your organization pursuing?
A. Safety
B. Integrity
C. Confidentiality
D. Availability
1004. Management at your company recently decided to implement additional lighting and fencing around the property. Which security goal is your company MOST likely pursuing?
A. Confidentiality
B. Integrity
C. Availability
D. Safety
1005. You are logging on to your bank's web site using your email address and a password. What is the purpose of the email address in this example?
A. Identification
B. Authentication
C. Authorization
D. Availability
1006. Your organization has a password policy with a password history value of 12. What does this indicate?
A. Your password must be at least 12 characters long.
B. Twelve different passwords must be used before reusing the same password.
C. Passwords must be changed every 12 days.
D. Passwords cannot be changed until 12 days have passed.
1007. A user cals into the help desk and asks the help-desk professional to reset his password. Which of the folowing choices is the BEST choice for what the help-desk professional should do before resetting the password?
A. Verify the user's original password.
B. Disable the user's account.
C. Verify the user's identity.
D. Enable the user's account.
1008. Your organization is planning to implement remote access capabilities. Management wants strong authentication and wants to ensure that passwords expire after a predefined time interval. Which of the following choices BEST meets this requirement?
A. HOTP
B. TOTP
C. CAC
D. Kerberos
1009. Which type of authentication is a fingerprint scan?
A. Something you have
B. Biometric
C. PAP
D. One-time password
1010. When users log on to their computers, they are required to enter a username, a password, and a PIN. Which of the following choices BEST describes this?
A. Single-factor authentication
B. Two-factor authentication
C. Multi-factor authentication
D. Mutual authentication
1011. The security manager at your company recently updated the security policy. One of the changes requires dual-factor authentication. Which of the folowing wil meet this requirement?
A. Hardware token and PIN
B. Fingerprint scan and retina scan
C. Password and PIN
D. Smart card
1012. You network infrastructure requires users to authenticate with something they are and something they know. Which of the following choices BEST describes this authentication method?
A. Passwords
B. Dual-factor
C. Biometrics
D. Diameter
1013. Which of the following authentication services uses tickets for user credentials?
A. RADIUS
B. Diameter
C. Kerberos
D. LDAP
1014. A network includes a ticket-granting ticket server. Which of the following choices is the primary purpose of this server?
A. Authentication
B. Identification
C. Authorization
D. Access control
1015. Your network uses an authentication service based on the X.500 specification. When encrypted, it usesTLS. Which authentication service is your network using?
A. SAML
B. Diameter
C. Kerberos
D. LDAP
1016. When you log on to your online bank account, you are also able to access a partner's credit card site, check-ordering services, and a mortgage site without entering your credentials again. What does this describe?
A. SSO
B. Same sign-on
C. SAML
D. Kerberos
1017. Your organization recently made an agreement with third parties for the exchange of authentication and authorization information. The solution uses an XML-based open standard. Which of the following is the MOST likely solution being implemented?
A. RADIUS
B. Diameter
C.TACACS-h
D. SAML
1018. Which of the following provides authentication services and uses PPP?
A. Diameter and biometrics
B. Kerberos and LDAP
C. SAML and SSO
D. PAP and CHAP
1019. Users in your organization access your network from remote locations. Currently, the remote access solution uses RADIUS. However, the organization wants to implement a stronger authentication service that supports EAP. Which of the following choices BEST meets this goaP
A. TACACS+
B. Diameter
C. Kerberos
D. Secure LDAP
1020. Which of the following choices provide authentication services for remote users and devices? (Select TWO.)
A. Kerberos
B. RADIUS
C. Secure LDAP
D. Diameter
2001. Which of the following accurately identifies the primary security control classifications?
A. Role-based, mandatory, and discretionary
B. Technical, management, and operational
C. Physical, logical, and technical
D. Technical and preventive
2002. You need to reduce the attack surface of a web server. Which of the following is a preventive control that will assist with this goal?
A. Disabling unnecessary services
B. Identifying the initial baseline configuration
C. Using hardware locks
D. Monitoring logs for trends
2003. A security expert is identifying and implementing several different physical deterrent controls to protect an organization's server room. Which of the following choices would BEST meet this objective?
A. Using hardware locks
B. Utilizing data encryption
C. Performing a vulnerability assessment
D. Training users
2004. You need to secure access to a data center. Which of the following choices provides the BEST physical security to meet this need? (Select THREE.)
A. Biometrics
B. Cable locks
C. CCTV
D. Mantrap
2005. A security professional needs to identify a physical security control that will identify and authenticate individuals before allowing them to pass, and restrict passage to only a single person at a time. What should the professional recommend?
A. Tailgating
B. Smart cards
C. Biometrics
D. Mantrap
2006. Your company wants to control access to a restricted area of the building by adding an additional physical security control that includes facial recognition. Which of the following provides the BEST solution?
A. Bollards
B. Guards
C. Palm scanners
D. Video surveillance
2007. Employees access a secure area by entering a cipher code, but this code does not identify individuals. After a recent security incident, management has decided to implement a key card system that will identify individuals who enter and exit this secure area. However, the installation might take six months or longer. Which of the following choices can the organization install immediately to identify individuals who enter or exit the secure area?
A. Mantrap
B. Access list
C. CCTV
D. Bollards
2008. Thieves recently rammed a truck through the entrance of your company's main building. During the chaos, their partners proceeded to steal a significant amount of IT equipment. Which of the following choices can you use to prevent this from happening again?
A. Guards
B. Bollards
C. CCTV
D. Mantrap
2009. You maintain a training lab with 18 computers. You have enough rights and permissions on these machines so that you can configure them as needed for classes. However, you do not have the rights to add them to your organization's domain. Which of the following choices BEST describes this example?
A. Least privilege
B. Need to know
C. User-based privileges
D. Separation of duties
2010. Developers in your organization have created an application designed for the sales team. Salespeople can log on to the application using a simple password of 1234. However, this password does not meet the organization's password policy. What is the BEST response by the security administrator after learning about this?
A. Nothing. Strong passwords aren't required in applications.
B. Modify the security policy to accept this password.
C. Document this as an exception in the application's documentation.
D. Direct the application team manager to ensure the application adheres to the organization's password policy.
2011. You are redesigning your password policy to increase the security of the passwords. Which of the following choices provides the BEST security? (Select TWO.)
A. Maximum password age
B. Password complexity
C. Password history
D. Password length
2012. A company's account management policy dictates that administrators should disable user accounts instead of deleting them when an employee leaves the company. What security benefit does this provide?
A. Ensures that user keys are retained
B. Ensures that user files are retained
C. Makes it easier to enable the account if the employee returns
D. Ensures that users cannot log on remotely
2013. You need to create an account for a contractor who will be working at your company for 90 days. Which of the following is the BEST security step to take when creating this account?
A. Configure history on the account.
B. Configure a password expiration date on the account.
C. Configure an expiration date on the account.
D. Configure complexity.
2014. You're asked to identify who is accessing a spreadsheet containing employee salary data. Detailed logging is configured correctly on this file. However, you are unable to identify a specific person who is accessing the file. What is the MOST likely reason?
A. Shared accounts are not prohibited.
B. Guest accounts are disabled.
C. Permissions for the file were assigned to a group.
D. Account lockout has been enabled.
2015. Members of a project team came in on the weekend to complete some work on a key project. However, they found that they were unable to access any of the project data. Which of the following choices is the MOST likely reason why they can't access this data?
A. Discretionary access control
B. Time-of-day access control
C. Rule-based access control
D. Role-based access control
2016. An administrator needs to grant users access to different servers based on their job functions. Which access control model is the BEST choice to use?
A. Discretionary access control
B. Mandatory access control
C. Role-based access control
D. Rule-based access control
2017. Interns from a local college frequently work at your company. Some interns work with the database developers, some interns work with the web application developers, and some interns work with both developers. Interns working with the database developers require specific privileges, and interns working with the web application developers require different privileges. What is the simplest method to meet these requirements?
A. Use generic accounts.
B. Create user-based privileges.
C. Use group-based privileges.
D. Grant the interns access to the Guest account.
2018. Your organization wants to reduce the administrative workload related to account management. Which of the following is the BEST choice?
A. Implement group-based privileges.
B. Implement user-based privileges.
C. Implement the Guest account and Guests group.
D. Implement periodic reviews of user access.
2019. Bart has read access to an accounting database and Lisa has both read and write access to this database. A database application automatically triggers a change in permissions so that Bart has both read and write access when Lisa is absent. What type of access control system is in place?
A. DAC
B. MAC
C. Role-BAC
D. Rule-BAC
2020. Your organization hosts several classified systems in the data center. Management wants to increase security with these systems by implementing two-factor authentication. Management also wants to restrict access to these systems to employees who a have need to know. Which of the following choices should management implement for authorization?
A. USB token and PIN
B. Username and password
C. Mandatory access control D
D. Rule-based access control
3001. What protocol does IPv6 use for hardware address resolution?
A. ARP
B. NDP
C. RDP
D. SNMP
3002. What is the default port for SSH?
A. 22
B. 23
C. 25
D. 80
3003. You are configuring a host-based firewall so that it will allow SFTP connections. Which of the following is required?
A. Allow UDP 21
B. Allow TCP 21
C. Allow TCP 22
D. Allow UDP 22
3004. You need to send several large files containing proprietary data to a business partner. Which of the following is the BEST choice for this task?
A. FTP
B. SNMP
C. SFTP
D. SSH
3005. Your organization is planning to establish a secure link between one of your mail servers and a business partner's mail server. The connection will use the Internet. What protocol is the BEST choice?
A.TLS
B. SMTP
C. HTTP
D. SSH
3006. You recently learned that a network router has TCP ports 22 and 80 open, but the organization's security policy mandates that these should not be accessible. What should you do?
A. Disable the FTP and HTTP services on the router.
B. Disable the DNS and HTTPS services on the router.
C. Disable the SSH and HTTP services on the router.
D. Disable the Telnet and Kerberos services on the router.
3007. You need to prevent the use of TFTP through your firewall. Which port would you block?
A. TCP 69
B. UDP 69
C. TCP 21
D. UDP 21
3008. You need to enable the use of NetBIOS through a firewall. Which ports should you open?
A. 137 through 139
B. 20 and 21
C. 80 and 443
D. 22 and 3389
3009. Lisa wants to manage and monitor the switches and routers in her network. Which of the following protocols would she use?
A. Telnet
B. SSH
C. SNMP
D. DNS
3010. You need to divide a single Class B IP address range into several ranges. What would you do?
A. Subnet the Class B IP address range.
B. Create a virtual LAN.
C. Create a DMZ.
D. Implement SIP.
3011. You need to reboot your DNS server. Of the following choices, which type of server are you MOST likely to reboot?
A. Unix server
B. Apache server
C. BIND server
D. Web server
3012. Your organization is increasing security and wants to prevent attackers from mapping out the IP addresses used on your internal network. Which of the following choices is the BEST option?
A. Implement subnetting.
B. Implement secure zone transfers.
C. Block outgoing traffic on UDP port 53.
D. Add a WAF
3013. A network technician incorrectly wired switch connections in your organization's network. It effectively disabled the switch as though it was a victim of a denial-of-service attack. What should be done to prevent this in the future?
A. Install an IDS.
B. Only use Layer 2 switches.
C. Install SNMP on the switches.
D. Implement STP or RSTP.
3014. Your organization frequently has guests visiting in various conference rooms throughout the building. These guests need access to the Internet via wall jacks, but should not be able to access internal network resources. Employees need access to both the internal network and the Internet. What would BEST meet this need?
A. PAT and NAT
B. DMZ and VPN
C. VLANsand 802.1 x
D. Routers and Layer 3 switches
3015. Your network currently has a dedicated firewall protecting access to a web server. It is currently configured with the following two rules in the ACL along with an implicit allow rule at the end:     PERMIT TCP ANY ANY 443 \n   PERMIT TCP ANY ANY 80 \n   You have detected DNS requests and zone transfer requests coming through the firewall and you need to block them. Which of the following would meet this goal? (Select TWO. Each answer is a full solution.)
A. Add the following rule to the firewall: DENY TCP ALL ALL 53.
B. Add the following rule to the firewall: DENY UDP ALL ALL 53.
C. Add the following rule to the firewall: DENY TCP ALL ALL 25.
D. Add the following rule to the firewall: DENY IP ALL ALL 53.
E. Change the implicit allow rule to implicit deny.
3016. Your organization wants to prevent users from accessing file sharing web sites. Which of the following choices will meet this need?
A. Content inspection
B. Malware inspection
C. URL filter
D. Web application firewall
3017. Your organization wants to combine some of the security controls used on the network. What could your organization implement to meet this goal?
A. SSO
B. UTM
C. VPN
D. VLAN
3018. Your organization hosts a web server and wants to increase its security. You need to separate all web-facing traffic from internal network traffic. Which of the following provides the BEST solution?
A. VLAN
B. Firewall
C. DMZ
D. WAF
3019. Network administrators connect to a legacy server using Telnet. They want to secure these transmissions using encryption at a lower layer of the OSI model. What could they use?
A. IPv4
B. IPv6
C. SSH
D. SFTP
3020. Which of the following operates on the HIGHEST layer of the OSI model, and is the most effective at blocking application attacks?
A. IDS
B. Router
C. WAF
D. Stateless firewall
4001. Which of the following network tools includes sniffing capabilities?
A. IDS
B. WAP
C. VPN
D. NAG
4002. A HIDS reported a vulnerability on a system using an assigned vulnerability identification number. After researching the number on the vendor's web site, you identify the recommended solution and begin applying it. What type of HIDS is in use?
A. Network-based
B. Signature-based
C. Heuristic-based
D. Anomaly-based
4003. Management is concerned about malicious activity on your network and wants to implement a security control that will detect unusual traffic on the network. Which of the following is the BEST choice to meet this goal?
A. Network firewall
B. Signature-based IDS
C. Anomaly-based IDS
D. Honeypot
4004. Administrators have noticed an increased workload recently. Which of the following can cause an increased workload from incorrect reporting?
A. False negatives
B. False positives
C. Separation of duties
D. Signature-based IDSs
4005. A security company wants to identify and learn about current and new attack methodologies. Which of the following is the BEST choice to meet this objective?
A. Pen test
B. HIDS
C. Honeypot
D. Firewall logs
4006. Of the following choices, what can you use to divert malicious attacks on your network away from valuable data to worthless fabricated data?
A. IPS
B. Proxy server
C. Web application firewall
D. Honeypot
4007. Your network IDS recently detected an attack on a server. Upon investigation, you discover that the IDS does not have a signature on this attack. Instead, the IDS detected it using a heuristic analysis. Of the following choices, what is the MOST likely category of this attack?
A. Definition
B. CVE
C. Zero-day
D. Phishing
4008. You need to provide connectivity between two buildings without running any cables. You decide to use two WAPs and a high-gain directional antenna. Which of the following antennas is the BEST choice to meet this need?
A. Yagi
B. Omni
C. Isotropic
D. Dipole
4009. You are assisting a user in the implementation of a wireless network in his home. The wireless hardware he has requires the RC4 protocol. What type of security is BEST for this network?
A. WEP
B. WPA-TKIP
C. WPA-AES
D. WPA2 Enterprise
4010. You want to implement the STRONGEST level of security on a wireless network. Which of the following supports this goal?
A. Implementing WEP
B. Disabling SSID broadcast
C. Enabling MAC filtering
D. Implementing WPA2
4011. You are planning to deploy a WLAN and you want to ensure it is secure. Which of the following provides the BEST security?
A. WEP Enterprise
B. WPA2 TKIP
C. SSID broadcast
D. WPA2 CCMP
4012. Your organization is planning to implement a wireless network using WPA2 Enterprise. Of the following choices, what is required?
A. An authentication server with a digital certificate installed on the authentication server
B. An authentication server with DHCP installed on the authentication server
C. An authentication server with DNS installed on the authentication server
D. An authentication server with WEP running on the access point
4013. You are assisting a small business owner in setting up a public wireless hot spot for her customers. Which of the following actions are MOST appropriate for this hot spot?
A. Enabling Open System Authentication
B. Enabling MAC filtering
C. Disabling SSID broadcast
D. Installing Yagi antennas
4014. Homer is able to connect to his company's wireless network with his smartphone but not with his laptop computer. Which of the following is the MOST likely reason for this disparity?
A. His company's network has a MAC address filter in place.
B. His company's network has enabled SSID broadcast.
C. His company's network has enabled CCMP.
D. His company's network has enabled WPA2 Enterprise.
4015. Management asks you if you can modify the wireless network to prevent users from easily discovering it. Which of the following would you modify to meet this goal?
A. CCMP
B. WPA2 Enterprise
C. SSID broadcast
D. MAC address filter
4016. A war driver is capturing traffic from a wireless network. When an authorized client connects, the attacker is able to implement a brute force attack to discover the encryption key. What type of attack did this war driver use?
A. WPS attack
B. IV attack
C Packet injection
D. WPA cracking
4017. Your organization hosts three wireless networks for different purposes. A recent site survey audit discovered the information shown in the following table: SSID Security Channel Power GetCertified Visitors WPA2 1 71 dBm GetCertified Employee WPA2 2 94 dBm GetCertified Employees WPA2 3 73 dBm GetCertified Kiosk WPA2 5 79 dBm     What does this indicate?
A. Evil twin
B. Rogue access point
C. Interference
D. Near field communication
4018. An attacker is able to access email contact lists on your smartphone. What type of attack is this?
A. Bluesnarfing
B. War chalking
C. War driving
D. Bluejacking
4019. Your organization is planning to implement a VPN and wants to ensure it is secure. Which of the following protocols is the BEST choice to use with the VPN?
A. HTTP
B. SFTP
C. IPsec
D. PPTP
4020. An automated process isolated a computer in a restricted VLAN because the process noticed the computer's antivirus definitions were not up to date. What is the name of this process?
A. NFC
B. NIPS
C. NIDS
D. NAC
5001. Your organization wants to improve the security posture of internal database servers. Of the following choices, what provides the BEST solution?
A. Opening ports on a server's firewall
B. Disabling unnecessary services
C. Keeping systems up to date with current patches
D. Keeping systems up to date with current service packs
5002. You need to monitor the security posture of several servers in your organization and keep a security administrator aware of their status. Which of the following tasks will BEST help you meet this goal?
A. Establishing baseline reporting
B. Determining attack surface
C. Implementing patch management
D. Enabling sandboxing
5003. Maggie is compiling a list of approved software for desktop operating systems within a company. What is the MOST likely purpose of this list?
A. Host software baseline
B. Baseline reporting
C. Application configuration baseline
D. Code review
5004. Your organization wants to ensure that employees do not install or play operating system games, such as solitaire and FreeCell, on their computers. Which of the following is the BEST choice to prevent this?
A. Security policy
B. Application whitelisting
C. Anti-ma Iware software
D. Antivirus software
5005. An IT department recently had its hardware budget reduced, but the organization still expects them to maintain availability of services. Of the following choices, what would BEST help them maintain availability with a reduced budget?
A. Failover clusters
B. Virtualization
C. Bollards
D. Hashing
5006. You are preparing to deploy a new application on a virtual server.The virtual server hosts another server application that employees routinely access. Which of the following is the BEST method to use when deploying the new application?
A. Take a snapshot of the VM before deploying the new application.
B. Take a snapshot of the VM after deploying the new application.
C. Apply blacklisting techniques on the server for the new applications.
D. Back up the server after installing the new application.
5007. A recent risk assessment identified several problems with servers in your organization. They occasionally reboot on their own and the operating systems do not have current security fixes. Administrators have had to rebuild some servers from scratch due to mysterious problems. Which of the following solutions will mitigate these problems?
A. Virtualization
B. Sandboxing
C. IDS
D. Patch management
5008. Administrators ensure server operating systems are updated at least once a month with relevant patches, but they do not track other software updates. Of the following choices, what is the BEST choice to mitigate risks on these servers?
A. Application change management
B. Application patch management
C. Whole disk encryption
D. Application hardening
5009. Homer noticed that several generators within the nuclear power plant have been turning on without user interaction. Security investigators discovered that an unauthorized file was installed and causing these generators to start at timed intervals. Further, they determined this file was installed during a visit by external engineers. What should Homer recommend to mitigate this threat in the future?
A. Create an internal CA.
B. Implement WPA2 Enterprise.
C. Implement patch management processes.
D. Configure the SCADA within a VLAN.
5010. Your company has recently provided mobile devices to several employees. A security manager has expressed concerns related to data saved on these devices. Which of the following would BEST address these concerns?
A. Disabling the use of removable media
B. Installing an application that tracks the location of the device
C. Implementing a BYOD policy
D. Enabling geo-tagging
5011. Which of the following is the MOST likely negative result if administrators do not implement access controls correctly on an encrypted USB hard drive?
A. Data can be corrupted.
B. Security controls can be bypassed.
C. Drives can be geo-tagged.
D. Data is not encrypted.
5012. Your company provides electrical and plumbing services to homeowners. Employees use tablets during service calls to record activity, create invoices, and accept credit card payments. Which of the following would BEST prevent disclosure of customer data if any of these devices are lost or stolen?
A. Mobile device management
B. Disabling unused features
C. Remote wiping
D. GPS tracking
5013. Key personnel in your organization have mobile devices, which store sensitive information. What can you implement to prevent data loss from these devices if a thief steals one?
A. Asset tracking
B. Screen lock
C. Mobile device management
D. GPS tracking
5014. Which of the following represents a primary security concern when authorizing mobile devices on a network?
A. Cost of the device
B. Compatibility
C. Virtualization
D. Data security
5015. Your company is planning on implementing a policy for users so that they can connect their mobile devices to the network. However, management wants to restrict network access for these devices. They should have Internet access and be able to access some internal servers, but management wants to ensure that they do not have access to the primary network where company-owned devices operate. Which of the following will BEST meet this goal?
A. WPA2 Enterprise
B. VPN
C. GPS
D. VLAN
5016. Your organization hosts a web site with a back-end database.The database stores customer data, including credit card numbers. Which of the following is the BEST way to protect the credit card data?
A. Full database encryption
B. Whole disk encryption
C. Database column encryption
D. File-level encryption
5017. Bart copied an encrypted file from his desktop computer to his USB drive and discovered that the copied file isn't encrypted. He asks you what he can do to ensure files he's encrypted remain encrypted when he copies them to a USB drive. What would you recommend as the BEST solution to this problem?
A. Use file-level encryption.
B. Convert the USB to FAT32.
C. Use whole disk encryption on the desktop computer.
D. Use whole disk encryption on the USB drive.
5018. You are comparing different encryption methods. Which method includes a storage root key?
A. HSM
B. NTFS
C. VSAN
D. TPM
5019. Management wants to ensure that employees do not print any documents that inci ude customer PII. Which of the following solutions would meet this goal?
A. HSM
B. TPM
C. VLAN
D. DLP
5020. Of the following choices, which one is a cloud-computing option that allows customers to apply patches to the operating system?
A. Hybrid cloud
B. Software as a Service
C. Infrastructure as a Service
D. Private
6001. Which of the following types of malware is the MOST difficult to reverse engineer?
A. Logic bomb
B. Trojan
C. Armored virus
D. Ransomware
6002. Recently, malware on a company computer destroyed several important files after it detected that Homer was no longer employed at the company. Which of the following BEST identifies this malware?
A. Logic bomb
B. Rootkit
C. Backdoor
D. Adware
6003. A recent antivirus scan on a server detected a Trojan. A technician removed the Trojan, but a security administrator expressed concern that unauthorized personnel might be able to access data on the server. The security administrator decided to check the server further. Of the following choices, what is the administrator MOST likely looking for on this server?
A. Backdoor
B. Logic bomb
C. Rootkit
D. Botnet
6004. After Maggie turned on her computer, she saw a message indicating that unless she made a payment, her hard drive would be formatted. What does this indicate?
A. Armored virus
B. Ransomware
C. Backdoor
D. Trojan
6005. A security administrator recently noticed abnormal activity on a workstation. It is connecting to computers outside the organization's internal network, using uncommon ports. Using a security toolkit, the administrator discovered the computer is also running several hidden processes. Which of the following choices BEST indicates what the administrator has found?
A. Rootkit
B. Backdoor
C. Spam
D. Trojan
6006. What type of malware uses marketing pop-ups and does not attempt to hide itself?
A. Blocker
B. Rootkit
C. Trojans
D. Ad ware
6007. Of the following malware types, which one is MOST likely to monitor a user's computer?
A. Trojan
B. Spyware
C. Adware
D. Ransomware
6008. Lisa is a database administrator and received a phone call from someone identifying himself as a technician working with a known hardware vendor. The technician said he's aware of a problem with database servers they've sold, but it only affects certain operating system versions. He asks Lisa what operating system the company is running on its database servers. Which of the following choices is the BEST response from Lisa?
A. Let the caller know what operating system and versions are running on the database servers to determine if any further action is needed.
B. Thank the caller and end the call, report the call to her supervisor, and independently check the vendor for issues.
C. Ask the caller for his phone number so that she can call him back after checking the servers.
D. Contact law enforcement personnel.
6009. A security administrator at a shopping mall discovered two wireless cameras pointing at an automatic teller machine. These cameras were not installed by mall personnel and are not authorized. What is the MOST likely goal of these cameras?
A. Tailgating
B. Dumpster diving
C. Vishing
D. Shoulder surfing
6010. Bart is in a break area outside the office. He told Lisa that he forgot his badge inside and asked Lisa to let him follow her when she goes back inside. What does this describe?
A. Spear phishing
B. Whaling
C. Mantrap
D.Tailgating
6011. An organization's security policy requires employees to incinerate paper documents. Of the following choices, which type of attack is this MOST likely to prevent?
A. Shoulder surfing
B. Tailgating
C. Vishing
D. Dumpster diving
6012. While cleaning out his desk, Bart threw several papers containing PII into the recycle bin. Which type of attack can exploit this action?
A. Vishing
B. Dumpster diving
C. Shoulder surfing
D. Tailgating
6013. Marge reports that she keeps receiving unwanted emails about personal loans. What does this describe?
A. Phishing
B. Spear phishing
C. Spam
D. Vishing
6014. A recent spear phishing attack that appeared to come from your organization's CEO resulted in several employees revealing their passwords to attackers. Management wants to implement a security control to provide assurances to employees that email that appears to come from the CEO actually came from the CEO. Which of the following should be implemented?
A. Digital signatures
B. Spam filter
C. Training
D. Metrics
6015. Attackers are targeting C-level executives in your organization. Which type of attack is this?
A. Phishing
B. Vishing
C. Spam
D. Whaling
6016. You manage a group of computers in an isolated network without Internet access. You need to update the antivirus definitions manually on these computers. Which of the following choices is the MOST important concern?
A. Running a full scan of the systems before installing the new definitions
B. Running a full scan of the systems after installing the new definitions
C. Ensuring the definition file hash is equal to the hash on the antivirus vendor's web site
D. Ensuring the update includes all signature definitions
6017. A user wants to reduce the threat of an attacker capturing her personal information while she surfs the Internet. Which of the following is the BEST choice?
A. Antivirus software
B. Anti-spyware software
C. Pop-up blocker
D. Whitelisting
6018. Bart is complaining that new browser windows keep opening on his computer. Which of the following is the BEST choice to stop these in the future?
A. Malware
B. Adware
C. Pop-up blocker
D. Antivirus software
6019. Your organization recently suffered a loss from malware that wasn't previously known by any trusted sources. Which type of attack is this?
A. Phishing attack
B. Zero-day
C. Buffer overflow
D. Integer overflow
6020. Homer received an email advertising the newest version of a popular smartphone, which is not available elsewhere. It includes a malicious link. Which of the following principles is the email author using?
A. Authority
B. Intimidation
C. Scarcity
D. Trust
7001. An IDS alerts on increased traffic. Upon investigation, you realize it is due to a spike in network traffic from several sources. Assuming this is malicious, what is the MOST likely explanation?
A. A smurf attack
B. A flood guard attack
C. A DoS attack
D. A DDoS attack
7002. A network administrator needs to ensure the company's network is protected against smurf attacks. What should the network administrator do?
A. Install flood guards.
B. Use salting techniques.
C. Verify border routers block directed broadcasts.
D. Ensure protocols use timestamps and sequence numbers.
7003. Some protocols include timestamps and sequence numbers. These components help protect against what type of attacks?
A. Smurf
B. Replay
C. Flood guards
D. Salting
7004. Which of the following is the BEST method to protect against someone trying to guess the correct PIN to withdraw money from an ATM?
A. Account lockout
B. Rainbow table
C. Salting
D. Input validation
7005. An application stores user passwords in a hashed format. Which of the following can decrease the likelihood that attackers can discover these passwords?
A. Rainbow tables
B. MD5
C. Salt
D. Smurf
7006. A user complains that his system is no longer able to access the blogs.getcertifiedgetahead.com site. Instead, his browser goes to a different site. After investigation, you notice the following entries in the user's hosts file:  \n  127.0.0.1 localhost  \n   72.52.230.233 blogs.getcertifiedgetahead.com   \n  What is the BEST explanation for this entry?
A. A pharming attack
B. A whaling attack
C. Session hijacking
D. A phishing attack
7007. Security analysts recently discovered that users in your organization are inadvertently installing malware on their systems after visiting the comptai.org web site. Users have a legitimate requirement to visit the comptia.org web site. What is the MOST likely explanation for this activity?
A. Smurf
B. Typo squatting
C. Fuzzing
D. Replay
7008. An attacker recently attacked a web server hosted by your company. After investigation, security professionals determined that the attacker used a previously unknown application exploit. Which of the following BEST identifies this attack?
A. Buffer overflow
B. Zero-day attack
C. Fuzzing
D. Session hijacking
7009. Which of the following developer techniques results in significant security vulnerabilities for online web site applications?
A. Buffer overflow
B. XSRF
C. Poor input validation
D. Hardening
7010. An attacker is bypassing client-side input validation by intercepting and modifying data within the HTTP POST command. Which of the following does the attacker use in this attack?
A. Command injection
B. Flash cookie
C. Proxy
D. Exception handling
7011. Web developers are implementing error and exception handling in a web site application. Which of the following represents a best practice for this?
A. Displaying a detailed error message but logging generic information on the error
B. Displaying a generic error message but logging detailed information on the error
C. Displaying a generic error message and logging generic information on the error
D. Displaying a detailed error message and logging detailed information on the error
7012. While reviewing logs for a web application, a developer notices that it has crashed several times reporting a memory error. Shortly after it crashes, the logs show malicious code that isn't part of a known application. What is MOST likely occurring?
A. Buffer overflow
B. XSS
C. Cross-site scripting
D. XML injection
7013. An application on one of your database servers has crashed several times recently. Examining detailed debugging logs, you discover that Just prior to crashing, the database application is receiving a long series of x90 characters. What is MOST likely occurring?
A. SQL injection
B. Buffer overflow
C. XML injection
D. Zero-day
7014. Attackers have attacked an online web server using a SQL injection attack. Which of the following BEST describes this?
A. The attacker is attempting to overload the system with unexpected data and access memory locations.
B. The attacker is attempting to impersonate a user using HTML code.
C. The attacker is sending random data into a program to see if the application will crash.
D. The attacker is attempting to pass commands to a back-end database server to access
data.
7015. While creating a web application, a developer adds code to limit data provided by users. The code prevents users from entering special characters. Which of the following attacks will this code MOST likely prevent?
A. Sniffing
B. Spoofing
C. XSS
D. Pharming
7016. Homer recently received an email thanking him for a purchase that he did not make. He asked an administrator about it and the administrator noticed a pop-up window, which included the following code: <body onload="document.getElementBylD('myform').submit()">  <form id="myForm" action="gcgapremium.com/purchase.php" method="post">  <input name="Buy Now" value="Buy Now"/> </form> </body>  What is the MOST likely explanation?
A. XSRF
B. Buffer overflow
C. SQL injection
D. Fuzzing
7017. Which of the following is an attack against servers hosting a directory service?
A. XSS
B. LDAP
C. XSRF
D. Fuzzing
7018. Your organization hosts a web site within a DMZ and the web site accesses a database server in the internal network. ACLs on firewalls prevent any connections to the database server except from the web server. Database fields holding customer data are encrypted and all data in transit between the web site server and the database server are encrypted. Which of the following represents the GREATEST risk to the data on the server?
A. Theft of the database server
B. XML injection
C. SQL injection
D. Sniffing
7019. A security tester is sending random data to a program. What does this describe?
A. Fuzzing
B. Buffer overflow
C. Integer overflow
D. Command injection
7020. Your organization is preparing to deploy a web-based application, which will accept user input. Which of the following will test the reliability of this application to maintain availability and data
integrity?
A. Secure coding
B. Input validation
C. Error handling
D. Fuzzing
8001. Which of the following is most closely associated with residual risk?
A. Risk acceptance
B. Risk avoidance
C. Risk deterrence
D. Risk mitigation
E. Risk transference
8002. You need to calculate the ALE for a server. The value of the server is $3,000, but it has crashed 10 times in the past year. Each time it crashed, it resulted in a 10 percent loss. What is the ALE?
A. $300
B. $500
C. $3,000
D. $30,000
8003. You need to calculate the expected loss of an incident. Which of the following value combinations would you MOST likely use?
A. ALE and ARO
B. ALE and SLE
C. SLE and ARC
D. ARO and ROI
8004. You want to identify all of the services running on a server. Which of the following tools is the BEST choice to meet this goal?
A. Penetration test
B. Protocol analyzer
C. Sniffer
D. Port scanner
8005. You recently completed a vulnerability scan on your network. It reported that several servers are missing key operating system patches. However, after checking the servers, you've verified the servers have these patches installed. Which ofthe following BEST describes this?
A. False negative
B. Misconfiguration on servers
C. False positive
D. Servers not hardened
8006. You suspect that a database server used by a web application does not have current patches. Which of the following is the BEST action to take to verify the server has up-to-date patches?
A. Vulnerability scan
B. Port scan
C. Protocol analyzer
D. Host enumeration
8007. You need to perform tests on your network to identify missing security controls. However, you want to have the least impact on systems that users are accessing. Which of the following tools is the best to meet this need?
A. Code review
B. Vulnerability scan
C. Ping sweep
D. Penetration test
8008. Lisa needs to identify if a risk exists on a web application and if attackers can potentially bypass security controls. However, she should not actively test the application. Which of the following is the BEST choice?
A. Perform a penetration test.
B. Perform a port scan.
C. Perform a vulnerability scan.
D. Perform traffic analysis with a sniffer.
8009. A recent vulnerability scan reported that a web application server is missing some patches. However, after inspecting the server, you realize that the patches are for a protocol that administrators removed from the server. Which of the following is the BEST explanation for this disparity?
A. False negative
B. False positive
C. Lack of patch management tools
D. The patch isn't applied
8010. Your organization develops web application software, which it sells to other companies for commercial use. Your organization wants to ensure that the software isn't susceptible to common vulnerabilities, such as buffer overflow attacks and race conditions. What should the organization implement to ensure software meets this standard?
A. Input validation
B. Change management
C. Code review
D. Regression testing
8011. An organization has a legacy server within the DMZ. It is running older software that is not compatible with current patches, so it remains unpatched. Management accepts the risk on this system, but wants to know if attackers can access the internal network if they successfully compromise this server. Which of the following is the MOST appropriate test?
A. Vulnerability scan
B. Port scan
C. Code review
D. Pentest
8012. Testers do not have access to product documentation or any experience with an application. What type of test will they MOST likely perform?
A. Gray box
B. White box
C. Black box
D. Black hat
8013. Your organization has hired a group of external testers to perform a black box penetration test. One of the testers asks you to provide information about your internal network. What should you provide?
A. A list of IP ranges and the types of security devices operational on the network
B. Network diagrams but without internal IP addresses
C. Some network diagrams and some IP addresses, but not all
D. Nothing
8014. A network administrator is troubleshooting a communication problem between a web server and a database server. Which of the following tools would MOST likely be useful in this scenario?
A. Protocol analyzer
B. Port scanner
C. Switch
D. URL filter
8015. A network administrator needs to identify the type of traffic and packet flags used in traffic sent from a specific IP address. Which of the following is the BEST tool to meet this need?
A. UTM security appliance
B. Router logs
C. Protocol analyzer
D. Vulnerability scan
8016. While analyzing a packet capture log, you notice the following entry:   16:12:50, src 10.80.1.5:3389, dst 192.168.1.100:8080, syn/ack   Of the following choices, what is the BEST explanation of this entry?
A. An HTTP connection attempt
B. An RDP connection attempt
C. An FTP connection attempt
D. A buffer overflow attack
8017. Security administrators have recently implemented several security controls to enhance the network's security posture. Management wants to ensure that these controls continue to function as intended. Which of the following tools is the BEST choice to meet this goal?
A. Routine audit
B. Change management
C. Design review
D. Black box test
8018. Your organization recently hired an outside security auditor to review internal processes. The auditor identified several employees who had permissions for previously held jobs within the company. What should the organization implement to prevent this in the future?
A. Design reviews
B. Code reviews
C. Baseline review
D. User rights and permissions reviews
8019. Your organization's security policy states that administrators should follow the principle of least privilege. Which of the following tools can ensure that administrators are following the policy?
A. User rights and permissions review
B. Risk assessment
C. Vulnerability assessment
D. Threat assessment
8020. Your organization wants to ensure that security controls continue to function, helping to maintain an appropriate security posture. Which of the following is the BEST choice to meet this goal?
A. Auditing logs
B. Routine audits
C. Continuous security monitoring
D. Vulnerability scans
9001. An organization needs to improve fault tolerance to increase data availability. However, the organization has a limited budget. Which of the following is the BEST choice to meet the organization's needs?
A. RAID
B. Backup system
C. Cluster
D. UPS
9002. Your organization hosts a web site with a back-end database server. During a recent power outage, the server crashed, resulting in a significant amount of lost data. Which of the following can your organization implement to prevent this loss from occurring again?
A. Redundancy
B. Disaster recovery procedures
C. Warm site
D. Higher RTO
9003. A network administrator configured several servers to work together to increase the processing capabilities for a web application. What does the administrator MOST likely implement?
A. Failover clustering
B. RAID-6
C. EMI shielding
D. Load balancing
9004. Your company's web site experiences a large number of client requests during certain times of the year. Which of the following could your company add to ensure the web site's availability during these times?
A. Fail-open cluster
B. Certificates
C. Web application firewall
D. Load balancing
9005. Your organization hosts a high-volume web site, which generates a significant amount of revenue. You are asked to recommend a method to increase the availability of this web site. Which of the following choices is the BEST choice?
A. Load balancing
B. Hot site
C. WAF
D. UTM
9006. Your backup policy for a database server dictates that the amount of time needed to perform backups should be minimized. Which of the following backup plans would BEST meet this need?
A. Full backups on Sunday and full backups every other day of the week
B. Full backups on Sunday and differential backups every other day of the week
C. Full backups on Sunday and incremental backups every other day of the week
D. Differential backups on Sunday and incremental backups every other day of the week
9007. A business continuity expert is creating a BIA. Which of the following elements is MOST likely to be omitted from the BIA?
A. List of critical systems and functions
B. Recommended solutions
C. Critical downtime limit
D. Potential loss
9008. After a recent attack causing a data breach, an executive is analyzing the financial losses. She determined that the attack is likely to cost at least $1 million. She wants to ensure that this information is documented for future planning purposes. Where is she MOST likely to document it?
A. DRP
B. BIA
C. COOP
D. RTO
9009. You are helping implement your company's business continuity plan. For one system, the plan requires an RTO of five hours and an RPO of one day. Which of the following would meet this requirement?
A. Ensure the system can be restored within five hours and ensure it does not lose more than one day of data.
B. Ensure the system can be restored within one day and ensure it does not lose more than five hours of data.
C. Ensure the system can be restored between five hours and one day after an outage.
D. Ensure critical systems can be restored within five hours and noncritical systems can be restored within one day.
9010. An organization is considering an alternate location as part of its business continuity plan. It wants to identify a solution that provides the shortest recovery time. What will it choose?
A. Cold site
B. Warm site
C. Hot site
D. Succession site
9011. Your organization is working on its business continuity plan. Management wants to ensure that documents provide detailed information on what technicians should do after an outage. Specifically, they want to list the systems to restore and the order in which to restore them. What document Includes this information?
A. HVAC
B. BIA
C. DRP
D. Succession plan
9012. Your organization is updating its disaster recovery documents. You're asked to review the communication plan for possible updates. Which of the following should you ensure is included in the communication plan?
A. A list of test plans and procedures
B. The succession plan
C. Methods used to communicate with response team members, employees, suppliers, and customers
D. List of scenarios with potential loss statements
9013. A BCP includes a chart listing roles within the organization along with their matching responsibilities during a disaster. It also includes a chain of command. What is the purpose of this chart?
A. IT contingency planning
B. Succession planning
C. COOP
D. RTO
9014. The BCP coordinator at your organization is leading a meeting on-site with key disaster recovery personnel. The purpose of the meeting is to perform a test. What type of test is this?
A. Functional exercise
B. Full-blown test
C. Tabletop exercise
D. Simulation to perform steps of a plan
9015. Personnel within your organization turned off the HR data server for over six hours to perform a test. Which of the following is the MOST likely purpose of this?
A. BIA
B. Succession planning
C. Tabletop exercises
D. COOP
9016. Humidity controls in your data center are failing. You need to convince management of the importance of these. What would you tell them?
A. Failing humidity controls can cause damage from EMI and ESD.
B. Failing humidity controls can cause damage from temperature variations and EMI.
C. Failing humidity controls can cause damage from condensation and poor ventilation.
D. Failing humidity controls can cause damage from ESD and condensation.
9017. Your organization is evaluating replacement HVAC systems and is considering increasing current capacities. Which of the following is a potential security benefit of increasing the HVAC capabilities?
A. Lower MTBF times of hardware components due to lower temperatures
B. Higher MTBF times of hardware components due to lower temperatures
C. Lower MTTR times of hardware components due to lower temperatures
D. Higher MTTR times of hardware components due to lower temperatures
9018. Without adequate physical security controls, attackers can cause significant damage to systems within a data center. Which of the following could an attacker manipulate to cause extensive physical damage?
A. Video surveillance systems
B. Environmental controls C. Firewall ACLs
D. IDS settings
9019. An attacker was able to sneak into your building but was unable to open the server room door. He bashed the proximity badge reader with a portable fire extinguisher and the door opened. What is the MOST likely reason that the door opened?
A. The access system was designed to fail-open.
B. The access system was designed to fail-close.
C. The access system was improperly installed.
D. The portable fire extinguisher Included a proximity badge.
9020. Which of the following is an environmental control?
A. EMI shielding
B. Fencing
C. Video surveillance
D. Motion detection
10001. Of the following choices, what can you use to verify data integrity?
A. AES
B. DBS
C. RG4
D. SHA
10002. A security technician runs an automated script every night designed to detect changes in files. Of the following choices, what are the most likely protocols used in this script?
A. PGP and MD5
B. EGG and HMAG
C. AES and Twofish
D. MD5 and HMAG
10003. Some encryption algorithms use stream ciphers and some use block ciphers. Which of the following are examples of block ciphers? (Select THREE.)
A. AES
B. DBS
C. MD5
D. SHA
E. RG4
F. Blowfish
10004. Which of the following algorithms encrypts data in 64-bit blocks?
A. AES
B. DES
C. Twofish
D. RC4
10005. An application developer needs to use an encryption protocol to encrypt credit card data within a database used by the application. Which of the following would be the FASTEST, while also providing strong confidentiality?
A. AES-256
B. DES
C. Blowfish
D. SHA-2
10006. Your organization uses several different types of cryptographic techniques. Which of the following techniques uses a private key and a public key?
A. AES
B. RSA
C. Blowfish
D. MD5
10007. Your network requires a secure method of sharing encryption keys over a public network. Which of the following is the BEST choice?
A. Symmetric encryption
B. Bcrypt
C. Diffie-Hellman
D. Steganography
10008. Your organization plans to issue some employees mobile devices such as smartphones and tablets. These devices don't havea lot of processing power. Which of the following cryptographic methods has the LEAST overhead and will work with these mobile devices?
A. ECC
B. 3DES
C. Bcrypt
D. PBKDF2
10009. A manager is suspected of leaking trade secrets to a competitor. A security investigator is examining his laptop and notices a large volume of vacation pictures on the hard drive. Data on this laptop automatically uploads to a private cloud owned by the company once a week. The investigator noticed that the hashes of most of the pictures on the hard drive are different from the hashes of the pictures in the cloud location. Which of the following is the MOST likely explanation for this scenario?
A. The manager is leaking data using hashing methods.
B. The manager is leaking data using digital signatures.
C. The manager is leaking data using steganography methods.
D. The manager is not leaking data.
10010. A heavily used application accesses a financial database on a server within your network. Due to recent data breaches, management wants to ensure transport encryption protects this data. Which of the following algorithms is the BEST choice to meet this goal?
A. SSL
B. SHA
C. TLS
D. CRL
10011. You are planning to encrypt data in transit. Which of the following protocols meets this need and encapsulates IP packets within an additional IP header?
A. TLS
B. SSL
C. HMAC
D. IPsec
10012. Homer wants to send a secure email to Marge so he decides to encrypt it. Homer wants to ensure that Marge can verify that he sent it Which of the following does Marge need to verify the certificate that Homer used in this process is valid?
A. The CA's private key
B. The CA's public key
C. Marge's public key
D. Marge's private key
10013. Bart wants to send a secure email to Lisa so he decides to encrypt it. Bart wants to ensure that Lisa can verify that he sent it. Which of the following does Lisa need to meet this requirement?
A. Bart's public key
B. Bart's private key
C. Lisa's public key
D. Lisa's private key
10014. Users in your organization sign their emails with digital signatures. What provides integrity for these certificates?
A. Hashing
B. Encryption
C. Non-repudiation
D. Private key
10015. An application requires users to log on with passwords.The application developers want to store the passwords in such a way that it will thwart rainbow table attacks. Which of the following is the BEST solution?
A. SHA
B. Blowfish
C. ECC
D. Bcrypt
10016. Homer wants to use digital signatures for his emails and realizes he needs a certificate. Which of the following will issue Homer a certificate?
A. CRL
B. CA
C. OCSP
D. Recovery agent
10017. You need to submit a CSR to a CA. Which of the following would you do FIRST?
A. Generate a new RSA-based session key.
B. Generate a new RSA-based private key.
C. Generate the CRL.
D. Implement OCSP
10018. Your organization is planning to implement an internal PKI. What is required to ensure users can validate certificates?
A. An intermediate CA
B. CSR
C. Wildcard certificates
D. CRL
10019. Your organization requires the use of a PKI and it wants to implement a protocol to validate trust with minimal traffic. Which of the following protocols validates trust by returning short responses, such as "good" or "revoked"?
A. OCSP
B. CRL
C. CA
D. CSR
10020. A user's laptop developed a problem and can no longer boot. Help-desk personnel tried to recover the data on the disk, but the disk is encrypted. Which of the following can be used to retrieve data from the hard drive?
A. A trust relationship
B. Public key
C. Recovery agent
D. CRL
11001. A security manager needs to identify a policy that will reduce the risk of personnel within an organization colluding to embezzle company funds. Which of the following is the BEST choice?
A. AUP
B. Training
C. Mandatory vacations
D. Time-of-day restrictions
11002. A security auditor discovered that several employees in the Accounting department can print and sign checks. In her final report, she recommended restricting the number of people who can print checks and the number of people who can sign them. She also recommended that no one should be authorized to print and sign checks. What policy is she recommending?
A. Discretionary access control
B. Rule-based access control
C. Separation of duties
D. Job rotation
11003. Your organization includes a software development division within the IT department. One developer writes and maintains applications for the Sales and Marketing departments. A second developer writes and maintains applications for the Payroll department. Once a year, they have to switch roles for at least a month. What is the purpose of this practice?
A. To enforce a separation of duties policy
B. To enforce a mandatory vacation policy
C. To enforce a job rotation policy
D. To enforce an acceptable use policy
11004. A security manager is reviewing security policies related to data loss. Which of the following is the security administrator MOST likely to be reviewing?
A. Clean desk policy
B. Separation of duties
C. Job rotation
D. Change management
11005. Get Certified Get Ahead (GCGA) has outsourced some application development to your organization. Unfortunately, developers at your organization are having problems getting an application module to work and they want to send the module with accompanying data to a third-party vendor for help in resolving the problem. Which of the following should developers consider before doing so?
A. Ensure that data in transit is encrypted.
B. Review NDAs.
C. Identify the classification of the data.
D. Verify the third party has an NDA in place.
11006. Two companies have decided to work together on a project and implemented an MOU. Which of the following represents the GREATEST security risk in this situation?
A. An MOU doesn't define responsibilities.
B. An MOU includes monetary penalties if one party doesn't meet its responsibilities.
C. An MOU can impose strict requirements for connections.
D. An MOU doesn't have strict guidelines to protect sensitive data.
11007. Your organization is considering storage of sensitive data in a cloud provider. Your organization wants to ensure the data is encrypted while at rest and while in transit. What type of interoperability agreement can your organization use to ensure the data is encrypted while in transit?
A. SLA
B. BPA
C. MOU
D. ISA
11008. A user recently worked with classified data on an unclassified system. You need to sanitize all the reclaimed space on this system's hard drives while keeping the system operational. Which of the following methods will BEST meet this goal?
A. Use a cluster tip wiping tool.
B. Use a file shredding tool.
C. Degauss the disk.
D. Physically destroy the disk.
11009. A network administrator needs to update the operating system on switches used within the network. Assuming the organization is following standard best practices, what should the administrator do first?
A. Submit a request using the baseline configuration process.
B. Submit a request using the incident management process.
C. Submit a request using the change management process.
D. Submit a request using the application patch management process.
11010. Security personnel recently released an online training module advising employees not to share personal information on any social media websites that they visit. What is this advice MOST likely trying to prevent?
A. Spending time on non-work-related sites
B. Phishing attack
C. Cognitive password attacks
D. Rainbow table attack
11011. Your organization blocks access to social media websites. The primary purpose is to prevent data leakage, such as the accidental disclosure of proprietary information. What is an additional security benefit of this policy?
A. Improves employee productivity
B. Enables cognitive password attacks
C. Prevents P2P file sharing
D. Protects against banner ad malware
11012. Your organization hosts a web-based server that remote administrators access via Telnet. Management wants to increase their rights to prosecute unauthorized personnel who access this server. Which of the following is the BEST choice?
A. Enable SSH instead of Telnet.
B. Enable banner ads.
C. Enable FTP logging.
D. Add a warning banner.
11013. An incident response team is following typical incident response procedures. Which of the following phases is the BEST choice for analyzing an incident with a goal of identifying steps to prevent a recurrence of the incident?
A. Preparation
B. Identification
C. Mitigation
D. Lessons learned
11014. After a recent incident, a forensic analyst was given several hard drives to analyze. What should the analyst do first?
A. Take screenshots and capture system images.
B. Take hashes and screenshots.
C. Take hashes and capture system images.
D. Perform antivirus scans and create chain-of-custody documents.
11015. A forensic expert is preparing to analyze a hard drive. Which of the following should the expert do FIRST?
A. Capture an image.
B. Identify the order of volatility.
C. Create a chain-of-custody document.
D. Take a screenshot.
11016. A security analyst tagged a computer stating when he took possession of it. What is the BEST explanation for this?
A. To calculate time offset
B. To ensure the system is decommissioned
C. To begin a chain of custody
D. To implement separation of duties
11017. You are helping your organization create a security policy for incident response. Of the following choices, what is the BEST choice to include when an incident requires confiscation of a physical asset?
A. Ensure hashes are taken first.
B. Ensure witnesses sign an AUP.
C. Maintain the order of volatility.
D. Keep a record of everyone who took possession of the physical asset.
11018. An administrator recently learned of an attack on a Virginia-based web server from IP address 72.52.206.134 at 11:35:33 GMT. However, after investigating the logs, he is unable to see any traffic from that IP address at that time. Which of the following is the MOST likely reason why the administrator was unable to identify the attack?
A. He did not account for time offsets.
B. He did not capture an image.
C. The IP address has expired.
D. The logs were erased when the system was rebooted.
11019. Personnel in an organization are sharing their access codes to cipher locks with unauthorized personnel. As a result, unauthorized personnel are accessing restricted areas of the building. What is the BEST response to reduce this risk?
A. Implement a management control.
B. Implement a technical control.
C. Implement an AUP.
D. Provide security training to personnel.
11020. Your organization has spent a significant amount of money on training employees on security awareness. Your organization wants to validate the success of this training. Which of the following is the BEST choice?
A. Implement role-based training.
B. Use metrics.
C. Use security policies.
D. Verify PII.
201. Lisa hid several plaintext documents within an image file. Which security goal is she pursuing?
A. Encryption
B. Integrity
C. Steganography
D. Confidentiality
202. You are the security administrator in your organization. You want to ensure that a file maintains integrity. Which of the following choices is the BEST choice to meet your goal?
A. Steganography
B. Encryption
C. Hash
D. AES
203. An e-commerce web site does not currently have an account recovery process for customers who have forgotten their passwords. Which of the following choices are the BEST items to include if website designers add this process? (Select TWO.)
A. Create a web-based form that verifies customer identities using another method.
B. Set a temporary password that expires upon first use.
C. Implement biometric authentication.
D. Email the password to the user.
204. Your organization is planning to implement stronger authentication for remote access users. An updated security policy mandates the use of token-based authentication with a password that changes every 30 seconds. Which of the following choices BEST meets this requirement?
A. CHAP
B. Smart card
C. HOTP
D. TOTP
205. Your organization issues laptops to mobile users. Administrators configured these laptops with full disk encryption, which requires users to enter a password when they first turn on the computer. After the operating system loads, users are required to log on with a username and password. Which of the following choices BEST describes this?
A. Single-factor authentication
B. Dual-factor authentication
C. Multi-factor authentication
D. SAML
206. Users at your organization currently use a combination of smart cards and passwords, but an updated security policy requires multifactor security using three different factors. Which of the following can you add to meet the new requirement?
A. Four-digit PIN
B. Hardware tokens
C. Fingerprint readers
D. USB tokens
207. A network includes a ticket-granting ticket server used for authentication. What authentication service does this network use?
A. TACACS+
B. SAML
C. LDAP
D. Kerberos
208. You are modifying a configuration file used to authenticate Unix accounts against an external server. The file includes phrases such as DC=Server1 and DC=Com. Which authentication service is the external server using?
A. Diameter
B. RADIUS
C. LDAP
D. SAML
209. Which of the following choices is an AAA protocol that uses shared secrets as a method of security?
A. Kerberos
B. SAML
C. RADIUS
D. MD5
210. Your organization wants to reduce the amount of money it is losing due to thefts. Which of the following is the BEST example of an equipment theft deterrent?
A. Remote wiping
B. Cable locks
C. Strong passwords
D. Disk encryption
211. A manager recently observed an unauthorized person in a secure area, which is protected with a cipher lock door access system. After investigation, he discovered that an authorized employee gave this person the cipher lock code. Which of the following is the BEST response to this issue at the minimum cost?
A. Implement a physical security control.
B. Install tailgates.
C. Provide security awareness training.
D. Place a guard at the entrance.
212. Management recently rewrote the organization's security policy to strengthen passwords created by users. It now states that passwords should support special characters. Which of the following choices is the BEST setting to help the organization achieve this goal?
A. History
B. Maximum age
C. Minimum length
D. Complexity
213. You have discovered that some users have been using the same passwords for months, even though the password policy requires users to change their password every 30 days. You want to ensure that users cannot reuse the same password. Which settings should you configure? (Select TWO.)
A. Maximum password age
B. Password length
C. Password history
D. Password complexity
E. Minimum password age
214. A company recently hired you as a security administrator. You notice that some former accounts used by temporary employees are currently enabled. Which of the following choices is the BEST response?
A. Disable all the temporary accounts.
B. Disable the temporary accounts you've noticed are enabled.
C. Craft a script to identify inactive accounts based on the last time they logged on.
D. Set account expiration dates for all accounts when creating them.
215. An organization supports remote access, allowing users to work from home. However, management wants to ensure that personnel cannot log on to work systems from home during weekends and holidays. Which of the following BEST supports this goal?
A. Least privilege
B. Need to know
C. Time-of-day restrictions
D. Mandatory access control
216. You configure access control for users in your organization. Some departments have a high employee turnover, so you want to simplify account administration. Which of the following Is the BEST choice?
A. User-assigned privileges
B. Group-based privileges
C. Domain-assigned privileges
D. Network-assigned privileges
217. You are configuring a file server used to share files and folders among employees within your organization. However, employees should not be able to access all folders on this server. Which of the following choices is the BEST method to manage security for these folders?
A. Assign permissions to each user as needed.
B. Wait for users to request permission and then assign the appropriate permissions.
C. Delegate authority to assign these permissions.
D. Use security groups with appropriate permissions.
218. The Retirement Castle uses groups for ease of administration and management. They recently hired Jasper as their new accountant. Jasper needs access to all the files and folders used by the Accounting department. What should the administrator do to give Jasper appropriate access?
A. Create an account for Jasper and add the account to the Accounting group.
B. Give Jasper the password for the Guest account.
C. Create an account for Jasper and use rule-based access control for accounting.
D. Create an account for Jasper and add the account to the Administrators group.
219. Your organization recently updated its security policy and indicated that Telnet should not be used within the network. Which of the following should be used instead of Telnet?
A. 5CP
B. SFTP
C. SSL
D. SSH
220. One of your web servers was recently attacked and you have been tasked with reviewing firewall logs to see if you can determine how an attacker accessed the system remotely. You identified the following port numbers in log entries: 21, 22, 25, 53, 80,110, 443, and 3389. Which of the following protocols did the attacker MOST likely use?
A. Telnet
B. HTTPS
C. DNS
D. RDP
221. Which of the following provides the largest address space?
A. IPv4
B. IPvS
C. IPv6
D. IPv7
222. While analyzing a firewall log, you notice traffic going out of your network on UDP port 53. What does this indicate?
A. Connection with a botnet
B. DNS traffic
C. SMTP traffic
D. SFTP traffic
223. A team of users in your organization needs a dedicated subnet. For security reasons, other users should not be able to connect to this subnet. Which of the following choices is the BEST solution?
A. Restrict traffic based on port numbers.
B. Restrict traffic based on physical addresses.
C. Implement DNS on the network.
D. Enable SNMP
224. An organization recently updated its security policy. A new requirement dictates a need to increase protection from rogue devices plugging into physical ports. Which of the following choices provides the BEST protection?
A. Disable unused ports.
B. Implement 802.1 x.
C. Enable MAC limiting.
D. Enable MAC filtering.
225. What would administrators typically place at the end of an ACL of a firewall?
A. Allow all all
B. Timestamp
C. Password
D. Implicit deny
226. Your organization wants to protect its web server from cross-site scripting attacks. Which of the following choices provides the BEST protection?
A. WAF
B. Network-based firewall
C. Host-based firewall
D. IDS
227. Management recently learned that several employees are using the company network to visit gambling and gaming web sites.They want to implement a security control to prevent this in the future. Which of the following choices would meet this need?
A. WAP
B. UTM
C. DMZ
D. NIDS
228. Which of the following protocols operates on Layer 7 of the OSI model?
A. IPv6
B. TCP
C. ARP
D. SCP
229. Which of the following BEST describes a false negative?
A. An IDS falsely Indicates a buffer overflow attack occurred.
B. Antivirus software reports that a valid application Is malware.
C. A locked door opens after a power failure.
D. An IDS does not detect a buffer overflow attack.
230. Company management suspects an employee is stealing critical project Information and selling It to a competitor. They'd like to Identify who Is doing this, without compromising any live data. What Is the BEST option to meet this goal?
A. Install antivirus software on all user systems.
B. Implement an IPS.
C. Implement an IDS.
D. Add fabricated project data on a honeypot.
231. Attackers frequently attack your organization, and administrators want to learn more about zero-day attacks on the network. What can they use?
A. Anomaly-based HIDS
B. Signature-based HIDS
C. Honeypot
D. Signature-based NIDS
232. Security personnel recently noticed a successful exploit against an application used by many employees at their company.They notified the company that sold them the software and asked for a patch. However, they discovered that a patch wasn't available. What BEST describes this scenario?
A. Zero-day
B. Buffer overflow
C. ISO
D. SQL Injection
233. What type of encryption Is used with WPA2 CCMP?
A. AES
B. TKIP
C. RC4
D. SSL
234. Administrators In your organization are planning to implement a wireless network. Management has mandated that they use a RADIUS server and Implement a secure wireless authentication
method. Which of the following should they use?
A. LEAP
B. WPA-PSK
C. WPA2-PSK
D. AES
235. Which of the following wireless security mechanisms Is subject to a spoofing attack?
A. WEP
B. IV
C. WPA2 Enterprise
D. MAC address filtering
236. Which of the following is the BEST description of why disabling SSID broadcast is not an effective security measure against attackers?
A. The network name is contained in wireless packets in plaintext.
B. The passphrase is contained in wireless packets in plaintext.
C. The SSID is included in MAC filters.
D. The SSID is not used with WPA2.
237. You are reviewing logs from a wireless survey within your organization's network due to a suspected attack and you notice the following entries:  \n    MAC: 12:AB:34:CD:56:EF 12:AB:34:CD:56:EF 56:CD:34:EF:12:AB 12:AB:34:CD:56:EF 12:AB:34:CD:56:EF         \n SSID:  GetCertifiedGetAhead; Encryption: WPA2; Power: 47  62  20  57  49        \n Of thh following choices, what is the MOST likely explanation of these entries?
A. An evil twin is in place.
B. Power of the AP needs to be adjusted.
C. A rogue AP is in place.
D. The AP is being pharmed.
238. Mobile users in your network report that they frequently lose connectivity with the wireless network on some days, but on other days they don't have any problems. Which of the following types of attacks could cause this?
A. IV
B. Wireless jamming
C. Replay
D. WPA cracking
239. Management within your organization wants some users to be able to access internal network resources from remote locations. Which of the following is the BEST choice to meet this need?
A. WAF
B. VPN
C. IDS
D. IPS
240. You suspect that an executable file on a web server is malicious and includes a zero-day exploit. Which of the following steps can you take to verify your suspicions?
A. Perform a code review.
B. Perform an architecture review.
C. Perform a design review.
D. Perform an operating system baseline comparison.
241. Lisa has scanned all the user computers in the organization as part of a security audit. She is creating an inventory of these systems, including a list of applications running on each computer and the application versions. What is she MOST likely trying to identify?
A. System architecture
B. Application baseline
C. Code vulnerabilities
D. Attack surface
242. An updated security policy identifies authorized applications for company-issued mobile devices. Which of the following would prevent users from installing other applications on these devices?
A. Geo-tagging
B. Authentication
C. ACLs
D. Whitelisting
243. A company is implementing a feature that allows multiple servers to operate on a single physical server. What is this?
A. Virtualization
B. laaS
C. Cloud computing
D. DLP
244. A software vendor recently developed a patch for one of its applications. Before releasing the patch to customers, the vendor needs to test it in different environments. Which of the following solutions provides the BEST method to test the patch in different environments?
A. Baseline image
B. BYOD
C. Virtualized sandbox
D. Change management
245. Your company has recently standardized servers using imaging technologies. However, a recent security audit verified that some servers were immune to known OS vulnerabilities, whereas other systems were not immune to the same vulnerabilities. Which of the following would reduce these vulnerabilities?
A. Patch management
B. Sandboxing
C. Snapshots
D. Baselines
246. Someone stole an executive's smartphone, and the phone includes sensitive data. What should you do to prevent the thief from reading the data?
A. Password-protect the phone.
B. Encrypt the data on the phone.
C. Use remote wipe.
D. Track the location of the phone.
247. Your organization has issued mobile devices to several key personnel. These devices store sensitive information. What can administrators implement to prevent data loss from these devices if they are stolen?
A. Inventory control
B. GPS tracking
C. Full device encryption
D. Geo-tagging
248. Homer wants to ensure that other people cannot view data on his mobile device if he leaves it unattended. What should he implement?
A. Encryption
B. Cable lock
C. Screen lock
D. Remote wiping
249. Management wants to implement a system that will provide automatic notification when
personnel remove devices from the building. Which of the following security controls will meet this requirement?
A. Video monitoring
B. RFID
C. Geo-tagging
D. Account lockout
250. Your organization was recently attacked, resulting in a data breach, and attackers captured customer data. Management wants to take steps to better protect customer data. Which of the following will BEST support this goal?
A. Succession planning and data recovery procedures
B. Fault tolerance and redundancy
C. Stronger access controls and encryption
D. Hashing and digital signatures
251. A business owner is preparing to decommission a server that has processed sensitive data. He plans to remove the hard drives and send them to a company that destroys them. However, he wants to be certain that personnel at that company cannot access data on the drives. Which of the following is the BEST option to meet this goal?
A. Encrypt the drives using full disk encryption.
B. Capture an image of the drives.
C. Identify data retention policies.
D. Use file-level encryption to protect the data.
252. Your organization is considering the purchase of new computers. A security professional stresses that these devices should include TPMs. What benefit does a TPM provide? (Select all that apply.)
A. It uses hardware encryption, which is quicker than software encryption.
B. It uses software encryption, which is quicker than hardware encryption.
C. It includes an HSM file system.
D. It stores RSA keys.
253. What functions does an HSM include?
A. Reduces the risk of employees emailing confidential information outside the organization
B. Provides webmail to clients
C. Provides full drive encryption
D. Generates and stores keys used with servers
254. Homer installed code designed to enable his account automatically, three days after someone disables it. What did Homer create?
A. Backdoor
B. Rootkit
C. Armored virus
D. Ransomware
255. Your local library is planning to purchase new computers that patrons can use for Internet research. Which of the following are the BEST choices to protect these computers? (Select TWO.)
A. Mantrap
B. Anti-malware software C. Cable locks
D. Pop-up blockers
E. Disk encryption
256. Your organization has been receiving a significant amount of spam with links to malicious web sites. You want to stop the spam. Of the following choices, what provides the BEST solution?
A. Add the domain to a block list.
B. Use a URL filter.
C. Use a MAC filter.
D. Add antivirus software.
257. Attackers have launched an attack using multiple systems against a single target. What type of attack is this?
A. DoS
B. DDoS
C. SYN flood
D. Buffer overflow
258. Security administrators are reviewing security controls and their usefulness. Which of the following attacks will account lockout controls prevent? (Select TWO.)
A. DNS poisoning
B. Replay
C. Brute force
D. Buffer overflow
E. Dictionary
259. A web developer wants to reduce the chances of an attacker successfully launching XSRF attacks against a web site application. Which of the following provides the BEST protection?
A. Client-side input validation
B. Web proxy
C. Antivirus software
D. Server-side input validation
260. A web developer is adding input validation techniques to a web site application. Which of the following should the developer implement during this process?
A. Perform the validation on the server side.
B. Perform the validation on the client side.
C. Prevent boundary checks.
D. Encrypt data with TLS.
261. An attacker is attempting to write more data into a web application's memory than it can handle. What type of attack is this?
A. XSRF
B. LDAP injection
C. Fuzzing
D. Buffer overflow
262. During a penetration test, a tester injected extra input into an application causing the application to crash. What does this describe?
A. SQL injection
B. Fuzzing
C. Transitive access
D. XSRF
263. A security expert is attempting to identify the number of failures a web server has in a year. Which of the following is the expert MOST likely identifying?
A. SLE
B. MTTR
C. ALE
D. MTTF
264. You are trying to add additional security controls for a database server that includes customer records and need to justify the cost of $1,000 for these controls. The database includes 2,500 records. Estimates indicate a cost of $300 for each record if an attacker successfully gains access to them. Research indicates that there is a 10 percent possibility of a data breach in the next year. What is the ALE?
A. $300
B. $37,500
C. $75,000
D. $750,000
265. A penetration tester Is tasked with gaining information on one of your internal servers and he enters the following command; telnet server1 80. What is the purpose of this command?
A. Identify if server1 is running a service using port 80 and is reachable.
B. Launch an attack on server1 sending 80 separate packets in a short period of time.
C. Use Telnet to remotely administer server1.
D. Use Telnet to start an RDP session.
266. A recent vulnerability assessment identified several issues related to an organization's security posture. Which of the following issues is MOST likely to affect the organization on a day-to-day basis?
A. Natural disasters
B. Lack of antivirus software
C. Lack of protection for data at rest
D. Lack of protection for data in transit
267. Which of the following tools would a security administrator use to Identify misconfigured systems within a network?
A. Pentest
B. Virus scan
C. Load test
D. Vulnerability scan
268. A security expert is running tests to identify the security posture of a network. However, these tests are not exploiting any weaknesses. Which of the following types of test is the security expert performing?
A. Penetration test
B. Virus scan
C. Port scan
D. Vulnerability scan
269. Which of the following tools is the LEAST invasive and can verify if security controls are in place?
A. Pentest
B. Protocol analyzer
C. Vulnerability scan
D. Host enumeration
270. Your organization develops web application software, which it sells to other companies for commercial use. To ensure the software is secure, your organization uses a peer assessment to help identify potential security issues related to the software. Which of the following is the BEST term for this process?
A. Code review
B. Change management
C. Routine audit
D. Rights and permissions review
271. Your organization plans to deploy new systems within the network within the next six months. What should your organization implement to ensure these systems are developed properly?
A. Code review
B. Design review
C. Baseline review
D. Attack surface review
272. You need to periodically check the configuration of a server and identify any changes. What are you performing?
A. Code review
B. Design review
C. Attack surface review
D. Baseline review
273. Your organization hired an external security expert to test a web application.The security expert is not given any access to the application interfaces, code, or data. What type of test will the security expert perform?
A. Black hat
B. White box
C. Gray box
D. Black box
274. A security administrator needs to inspect protocol headers of traffic sent across the network. What tool is the BEST choice for this task?
A. Web security gateway
B. Protocol analyzer
C. Honeypot
D. Vulnerability assessment
275. You are troubleshooting issues between two servers on your network and need to analyze the network traffic. Of the following choices, what is the BEST tool to capture and analyze this traffic?
A. Switch
B. Protocol analyzer
C. Firewall
D. NIDS
276. Which of the following is the lowest-cost solution for fault tolerance?
A. Load balancing
B. Clustering
C. RAID
D. Cold site
277. You need to modify the network infrastructure to increase availability of web-based applications for Internet clients. Which of the following choices provides the BEST solution?
A. Load balancing
B. Proxy server
C. UTM
D. Content inspection
278. A security analyst is creating a document that includes the expected monetary loss from a major outage. She is calculating the potential lost sales, fines, and impact on the organization's customers. Which of the following documents is she MOST likely creating?
A. BCP
B. BIA
C. DRP
D. RPO
279. Your organization is updating its business continuity documents. You're asked to review the communications plans for possible updates. Which of the following should you ensure is included in the communications plan?
A. A list of systems to recover In hierarchical order
B. Incident response procedures
C. List of critical systems and components
D. Methods used to respond to media requests, including templates
280. What type of encryption does the RADIUS protocol use?
A. Symmetric
B. Asymmetric
C. MD5
D. SHA
281. Your organization Is planning to Implement video conferencing, but It wants to protect the confidentiality of the streaming video. Which of the following would BEST meet this need?
A. PBKDF2
B. DBS
C. MD5
D. RC4
282. An organization Is Implementing a PKI and plans on using public and private keys. Which of the following can be used to create strong key pairs?
A. MD5
B. RSA
C. AES
D. HMAC
283. Your organization Is Investigating possible methods of sharing encryption keys over a public network. Which of the following Is the BEST choice?
A. CRL
B. PBKDF2
C. Hashing
D. ECDHE
284. A user wants to hide confidential data within a .jpg file. Which of the following Is the BEST choice to meet this need?
A. ECC
B. Steganography
C. CCRL
D. File-level encryption
285. You need to ensure data sent over an IP-based network remains confidential. Which of the following provides the BEST solution?
A. Stream ciphers
B. Block ciphers
C. Transport encryption
D. Hashing
286. Personnel within your company are assisting an external auditor perform a security audit. They frequently send documents to the auditor via email and some of these documents contain confidential Information. Management wants to implement a solution to reduce the possibility of unintentionally exposing this data. Which of the following Is the BEST choice?
A. Hash all outbound email containing confidential Information.
B. Use digital signatures on all outbound email containing confidential Information.
C. Encrypt all outbound email containing confidential Information.
D. Implement DLP to scan all outbound email.
287. Which two protocols provide strong security for the Internet with the use of certificates? (Select TWO.)
A. SSH
B. SSL
C. SCP
D. TLS
E. SFTP
288. Lenny and Carl work In an organization that Includes a PKI. Carl needs to send a digitally signed file to Lenny. What does Carl use In this process?
A. Carl's public key
B. Carl's private key
C. Lenny's public key
D. Lenny's private key
289. Bart recently sent out confidential data via email to potential competitors. Management suspects he did so accidentally, but Bart denied sending the data. Management wants to implement a method that would prevent Bart from denying accountability In the future. What are they trying to enforce?
A. Confidentiality
B. Encryption
C. Access control
D. Non-repudiation
290. An organization Is planning to implement an internal PKI for smart cards. Which of the following should the organization do FIRST?
A. Install a CA.
B. Generate key pairs.
C. Generate a certificate.
D. Identify a recovery agent.
291. Which of the following is a valid reason to use a wildcard certificate?
A. Reduce the administrative burden of managing certificates.
B. Support multiple private keys.
C. Support multiple public keys.
D. Increase the lifetime of the certificate.
292. Homer works as a contractor at a company on a one-year renewing contract. After renewing his contract, the company issues him a new smart card. However, he is now having problems digitally signing email or opening encrypted email. What is the MOST likely solution?
A. Copy the original certificate to the new smart card.
B. Copy his original private key to the new smart card.
C. Copy his original public key to the new smart card.
D. Publish the certificate in his new smart card.
293. You need to request a certificate for a web server. Which of the following would you MOST likely use?
A. CA
B. CRL
C. CSR
D. OCSP
294. An organization is implementing a data policy and wants to designate a recovery agent. Which of the following indicates what a recovery agent can do?
A. A recovery agent can retrieve a user's public key.
B. A recovery agent can decrypt data if users lose their private key.
C. A recovery agent can encrypt data if users lose their private key.
D. A recovery agent can restore a system from backups.
295. An organizational policy specifies that duties of application developers and administrators must be separated. What is the MOST likely result of implementing this policy?
A. One group develops program code and the other group deploys the code.
B. One group develops program code and the other group modifies the code.
C. One group deploys program code and the other group administers databases.
D. One group develops databases and the other group modifies databases.
296. Application developers in your organization currently update applications on live production servers when needed. However, they do not follow any predefined procedures before applying the updates. What should the organization implement to prevent any risk associated with this process?
A. Risk assessment
B. Tabletop exercises
C. Change management
D. Incident management
297. Which of the following is a type of media that allows the mass distribution of personal comments to specific groups of people?
A. P2P
B. Social media
C. Media devices
D. News media
298. Your organization wants to prevent damage from malware. Which stage of the common incident response procedures is the BEST stage to address this?
A. Preparation
B. Identification
C. Mitigation
D. Lessons learned
299. You are reviewing incident response procedures related to the order of volatility. Which of the following is the LEAST volatile?
A. Hard disk drive
B. Memory
C. RAID-6 cache
D. CPU cache
300. Security personnel confiscated a user's workstation after a security incident. Administrators removed the hard drive for forensic analysis, but left it unattended for several hours before capturing an image. What could prevent the company from taking the employee to court over this incident?
A. Witnesses were not identified.
B. A chain of custody was not maintained.
C. An order of volatility was not maintained.
D. A hard drive analysis was not complete.
500001. Management within your organization has defined a use case to support confidentiality of PII stored in a database. Which of the following solutions will BEST meet this need?
A. Hashing
B. Digital signature
C. Encryption
D. Smart card
500002. Management has implemented a policy stating that messages sent between upper-level executives must arrive without any changes. The IT department is tasked with implementing technical controls to meet this need. Which security goal does this policy address?
A. Confidentiality
B. Integrity
C. Availability
D. Authentication
500003. Your organization recently implemented two servers that act as failover devices for each other. Which security goal is your organization pursuing?
A. Obfuscation
B. Integrity
C. Confidentiality
D. Availability
500004. You are tasked with improving the overall security for a database server. Which of the following is a preventive control that will assist with this goal?
A. Disabling unnecessary services
B. Identifying the initial baseline configuration
C. Monitoring logs for trends
D. Implementing a backup and restoration plan
500005. An IT department recently had its hardware budget reduced, but the organization still expects them to maintain availability of services. Which of the following choices would BEST help them maintain availability with a reduced budget?
A. Failover clusters
B. Virtualization
C. Bollards
D. Hashing
500006. You want to test new security controls before deploying them. Which of the following technologies provides the MOST flexibility to meet this goal?
A. Baselines
B. Hardening techniques
C. Virtualization technologies
D. Patch management programs
500007. You suspect that traffic in your network is being rerouted to an unauthorized router within your network. Which of the following command-line tools would help you narrow down the problem?
A. ping
B. tracert
C. ipconfig
D. netstat
500008. The First Bank of Springfield has been experiencing widespread fraud recently. Attackers are transferring funds out of customer accounts to other banks. The bank began requiring customers to obtain credentials in person at the bank. However, this hasn't reduced the number of fraudulent transactions. After reviewing available logs, investigators determined that these fraudulent transactions are conducted with the customer's actual credentials. Which of the following security controls should be strengthened to reduce these incidents?
A. Authentication
B. Identification
C. Accounting
D. Authorization
500009. An outside security auditor recently completed an in-depth security audit on your network. One of the issues he reported was related to passwords. Specifically, he found the following passwords used on the network: Pa$$, 1@W2, and G7bT3. Which of the following should be changed to avoid the problem shown with these passwords?
A. Password complexity
B. Password length
C. Password history
D. Password reuse
500010. When you log on to your online bank account, you are also able to access a partner's credit card site, check-ordering services, and a mortgage site without entering your credentials again. Which of the following does this describe?
A. SSO
B. Same sign-on
C. SAML
D. Kerberos
500011. Your network uses an authentication service based on the X.500 specification. When encrypted, it usesTLS. Which authentication service is your network using?
A. SAML
B. Diameter
C. Kerberos
D. LDAP
500012. You're asked to identify who is accessing a spreadsheet containing employee salary data. Detailed logging is configured correctly on this file. However, you are unable to identify a specific person who is accessing the fiie. Which of the following is the MOST likely reason?
A. Shared accounts are not prohibited.
B. Guest accounts are disabled.
C. Permissions for the file were assigned to a group.
D. Account lockout has been enabled.
500013. Interns from a local college frequently work at your company. Some interns work with the database developers, some interns work with the web application developers, and some interns work with both developers. Interns working with the database developers require specific privileges, and interns working with the web application developers require different privileges. Which of the following is the simplest method to meet these requirements?
A. Use generic accounts.
B. Create user-based privileges.
C. Use group-based privileges.
D. Grant the interns access to the Guest account.
500014. You are configuring a file server used to share files and folders among employees within your organization. However, employees should not be able to access all folders on this server. Which of the following choices is the BEST method to manage security for these folders?
A. Assign permissions to each user as needed.
B. Wait for users to request permission and then assign the appropriate permissions.
C. Delegate authority to assign these permissions.
D. Use security groups with appropriate permissions.
500015. The Retirement Castle uses groups for ease of administration and management They recently hired Jasper as their new accountant. Jasper needs access to all the files and folders used by the Accounting department. Which of the following should the administrator do to give Jasper appropriate access?
A. Create an account for Jasper and add the account to the Accounting group.
B. Give Jasper the password for the Guest account.
C. Create an account for Jasper and use rule-based access control for accounting.
D. Create an account for Jasper and add the account to the Administrators group.
500016. You need to send several large files containing proprietary data to a business partner. Which of the following is the BEST choice for this task?
A. FTP
B. SNMPv3
C. SFTP
D. SRTP
500017. Your organization is planning to establish a secure link between one of your mail servers and a business partner's mail server.The connection will use the Internet. Which protocol is the BEST choice?
A. TLS
B. SMTP
C. HTTP
D. SSH
500018. Bart is adding a DMZ into his organization's network. Which of the following is the BEST description of why he would do so?
A. To increase security for servers accessed from public networks
B. To provide a secure physical location for networking equipment
C. To lure attackers to a fake server or fake network
D. To cache data retrieved from a web server
500019. Your organization wants to prevent employees from accessing file sharing web sites. Which of the following choices will meet this need?
A. Content inspection
B. Malware inspection
C. URL filter
D. Web application firewall
500020. Your organization hosts several web servers in a web farm.They have recently been attacked, resulting in unacceptable downtime. Management wants to implement a solution that will provide protection for the web farm and include load balancing to improve the overall performance of the web farm. Which of the following will BEST meet this need?
A. Stateless firewall
B. Stateful firewall
C. Web application firewall
D. Host-based firewall
500021. Management suspects that employees have been sending proprietary data out of the network via email. They want to implement a solution that will detect and block similar incidents in the future. Which of the following is the BEST choice to meet this need?
A. Mail gateway
B. UTM appliance
C. Forward proxy
D. Reverse proxy
500022. You are tasked with configuring a switch so that it separates VoIP and data traffic. Which of the following provides the BEST solution?
A. NAC
B. DMZ
C. SRTP
D. VLAN
500023. Your organization hosts an e-commerce business that has become quite successful recently. It includes a web farm and a database server within the DMZ. IT management is concerned that there isn't enough staff working around the clock to protect these servers. Which of the following would provide the BEST automated protection for these servers?
A. NiDS and HIDS
B. NIPS and HIPS
C. SIEM and NIPS
D. SIEM and NIDS
500024. Management is concerned about malicious activity and wants to implement a security control that will detect unusual traffic on the network. Which of the following is the BEST choice to meet this goal?
A. Network-based firewall
B. Signature-based IDS
C. Anomaly-based IDS
D. Honeynet
500025. Of the following choices, what can you use to divert malicious attacks on your network away from valuable data to worthless, fabricated data?
A. IPS
B. Proxy server
C. Web application firewall
D. Honeypot
500026. Your organization frequently has guests visiting in various conference rooms throughout the building. These guests need access to the Internet via the wireless network, but should not be able to access internal network resources. Employees need access to both the internal network and the Internet. Which of the following would BEST meet this need?
A. NAT
B. DMZ
C. VPN
D. 802.1 X
500027. Management asks you If you can modify the wireless network to prevent users from easily discovering it Which of the following would you modify to meet this goal?
A. CCMP
B. WPA2 Enterprise
C. SSID broadcast
D. MAC address filter
500028. Marge, a security administrator, is tasked with ensuring that all devices have updated virus definition files before they can access network resources. Which of the following technologies would help her accomplish this goal?
A. NIDS
B. NAG
C. DLP
D. DMZ
500029. Your organization is hosting a wireless network with an 802.1 x server using PEAR On Thursday, users report they can no longer access the wireless network, but they could access it on the previous day. Administrators verified the network configuration matches the baseline, there aren't any hardware outages, and the wired network is operational. Which of the following is the MOST likely cause for this problem?
A. The RADIUS server certificate expired.
B. DNS is providing incorrect host names.
C. DHCP is issuing duplicate IP addresses.
D. MAC filtering is enabled.
500030. Lisa has created an application on her development computer. She wants to test it on a Linux-based computer she commonly uses for testing. However, she wants to ensure it is isolated when she tests it. Which of the following is the BEST solution to meet her needs?
A. Use chroot.
B. Sideload the application.
C. UseFDE.
D. Use chmod.
500031. Your organization recently purchased some laptops that include a TPM. Which of the following BEST identifies what the TPM provides?
A. Detection of unauthorized data transfers
B. A hardware root of trust
C. Sandboxing
D. An external security device used to store cryptographic keys
500032. Your organization has recently rented access to computing resources via a cloud. Administrators within your organization apply patches to the operating system. Which of the following choices BEST describes this cloud deployment model?
A. Community
B. Software as a Service
C. Infrastructure as a Service
D. Hybrid
500033. Homer noticed that several generators within the nuclear power plant have been turning on without user Interaction. Security Investigators discovered that an unauthorized file was Installed, causing these generators to start at timed Intervals. Further, they determined this file was Installed during a visit by external engineers. What should Homer recommend to mitigate this threat In the future?
A. Create an Internal CA.
B. Implement WPA2 Enterprise.
C. Implement patch management processes.
D. Configure the SCADA within a VLAN.
500034. Management wants to ensure that employees do not print any documents that Include customer or employee PII. Which of the following solutions would meet this goal?
A. HSM
B. TPM
C. VLAN
D. DLP
500035. A tech company recently discovered an attack on Its organization, resulting In a significant data breach of customer data. After Investigating the attack, they realized It was very sophisticated and likely originated from a foreign country. Which of the following Identifies the MOST likely threat actor In this attack?
A. Hacktlvlst
B. APT
C. Competitors
D. Insiders
500036. A recent antivirus scan on a server detected a Trojan. A technician removed the Trojan, but a security administrator expressed concern that unauthorized personnel might be able to access data on the server. The security administrator decided to check the server further. Of the following choices, what Is the administrator MOST likely looking for on this server?
A. Backdoor
B. Logic bomb
C. Rootkit
D. Botnet
500037. After Marge turned on her computer, she saw a message Indicating that unless she made a payment, her hard drive would be formatted. What does this Indicate?
A. Keylogger
B. Ransomware
C. Backdoor
D. Trojan
500038. An organization's security policy requires employees to place all discarded paper documents in containers for temporary storage. These papers are later burned in an incinerator. Which of the following attacks are these actions MOST likely trying to prevent?
A. Shoulder surfing
B. Tailgating
C. Vishing
D. Dumpster diving
500039. Users in your organization have reported receiving a similar email from the same sender.The email included a link, but after recent training on emerging threats, all the users chose not to click the link. Security investigators determined the link was malicious and was designed to download ransomware. Which of the following BEST describes the email?
A. Phishing
B. Spear phishing
C. Spam
D. Vishing
500040. Your local library is planning to purchase new computers that patrons can use for Internet research. Which of the following are the BEST choices to protect these computers? (Select TWO.)
A. Mantrap
B. Anti-ma I ware software
C. Cable locks
D. Disk encryption
500041. You are troubleshooting an intermittent connectivity issue with a web server. After examining the logs, you identify repeated connection attempts from various IP addresses. You realize these connection attempts are overloading the server, preventing it from responding to other connections. Which of the following is MOST likely occurring?
A. DDoS attack
B. DoS attack
C. Amplification attack
D. Salting attack
500042. You are reviewing security controls and their usefulness. You notice that account lockout policies are in place. Which of the following attacks will these policies thwart? (Select TWO.)
A. DNS poisoning
B. Replay
C. Brute force
D. Buffer overflow
E. Dictionary
500043. Security analysts recently discovered that users in your organization are inadvertently installing malware on their systems after visiting the comptai.org web site. Users have a legitimate requirement to visit the comptia.org web site. Which of the following is the MOST likely explanation for this activity?
A. Smurf
B. Typo squatting
C. Fuzzing
D. Replay
500044. An attacker recently attacked a web server hosted by your company. After investigation, security professionals determined that the attacker used a previously unknown application exploit. Which of the following BEST identifies this attack?
A. Buffer overflow
B. Zero-day attack
C. Man-in-the-browser
D. Session hijacking
500045. While reviewing logs for a web application, a developer notices that it has crashed several times reporting a memory error. Shortly after it crashes, the logs show malicious code that isn't part of a known application. Which of the following is MOST likely occurring?
A. Buffer overflow
B. ARP poisoning
C. Privilege escalation
D. Replay
500046. Management at your organization is planning to hire a development firm to create a sophisticated web application. One of their primary goals is to ensure that personnel involved with the project frequently collaborate with each other throughout the project. Which of the following is an appropriate model for this project?
A. Waterfall
B. SDLC
C. Agile
D. Secure DevOps
500047. Your organization is preparing to deploy a web-based application, which will accept user input. Which of the following will BEST test the reliability of this application to maintain availability and data integrity?
A. Model verification
B. input validation
C. Error handling
D. Dynamic analysis
500048. An attacker has launched several successful XSS attacks on a web application within your DMZ. Which of the following are the BEST choices to protect the web server and prevent this attack? (Select TWO.)
A. Dynamic code analysis
B. Input validation
C. Code obfuscation
D. WAF
E. Normalization
500049. Ziffcorp is developing a new technology that they expect to become a huge success when it's released. The CIO is concerned about someone stealing their company secrets related to this technoiogy. Which of the following will help the CIO identify potential dangers related to the loss of this technology?
A. Threat assessment
B. Vulnerability assessment
C. Privacy threshold assessment
D. Privacy impact assessment
500050. You are performing a risk assessment and you need to calculate the average expected loss of an incident. Which of the following value combinations would you MOST likely use?
A. ALE and ARO
B. ALE and SLE
C. SLE and ARO
D. ARO and ROI
500051. You recently completed a vulnerability scan on your network. It reported that several servers are missing key operating system patches. However, after checking the servers, you've verified the servers have these patches installed. Which of the following BEST describes this?
A. False negative
B. Misconfiguration on servers
C. False positive
D. Non-credentialed scan
500052. You want to identify all the services running on a server in your network. Which of the following tools is the BEST choice to meet this goal?
A. Penetration test
B. Protocol analyzer
C. Sniffer
D. Port scanner
500053. Lisa needs to identify if a risk exists within a web application and identify potential misconfigurations on the server. However, she should passively test the security controls. Which of the following is the BEST choice to meet her needs?
A. Perform a penetration test.
B. Perform a port scan.
C. Perform a vulnerability scan.
D. Perform traffic analysis with a sniffer.
500054. A network administrator needs to identify the type of traffic and packet flags used in traffic sent from a specific IP address. Which of the following is the BEST tool to meet this need?
A. SIEM
B. Netcat
C. Protocol analyzer
D. Vulnerability scan
500055. Lisa has been hired as a penetration tester by your organization to test the security of a web server. She wants to identify the operating system and get some information on services and applications used by the server. Which of the following tools will BEST meet this need?
A. SIEM
B. Netcat
C. Tcpdump
D. Gray box test
500056. An organization wants to provide protection against malware attacks. Administrators have installed antivirus software on all computers. Additionally, they implemented a firewall and an IDS on the network. Which of the following BEST identifies this principle?
A. Implicit deny
B. Layered security
C. Least privilege
D. Flood guard
500057. A security professional needs to identify a physical security control that will identify and authenticate individuals before allowing them to pass, and restrict passage to only a single person at a time. Which of the following should the professional recommend?
A. Tailgating
B. Smart cards
C. Biometrics
D. Mantrap
500058. Your company's web site experiences a large number of client requests during certain times of the year. Which of the following could your company add to ensure the web site's availability during these times?
A. Fail-open cluster
B. Certificates
C. Web application firewall
D. Load balancing
500059. Which of the following is the LOWEST cost solution for fault tolerance?
A. Load balancing
B. Round-robin scheduling
C. RAID
D. Warm site
500060. Employees access a secure area by entering a cipher code, but this code does not Identify Individuals. After a recent security Incident, management has decided to Implement a key card system that will Identify individuals who enter and exit this secure area. However, the Installation might take six months or longer. Which of the following choices can the organization install Immediately to Identify Individuals who enter or exit the secure area?
A. Mantrap
B. Access list
C. CCTV
D. Bollards
500061. An organization has decided to Increase the amount of customer data It maintains and use It for targeted sales. The privacy officer has determined that this data Is PH. Which type of assessment should be completed to ensure the organization Is complying with applicable laws and regulations related to this data?
A. Privacy Impact assessment
B. Privacy threshold assessment
C. Threat assessment
D. Supply chain assessment
500062. A security technician runs an automated script every night designed to detect changes In files. Of the following choices, what are the MOST LIKELY protocols used In this script?
A. PGP and SNA
B. ECC and HMAC
C. AES and Twofish
D. SNA and HMAC
500063. An application requires users to log on with passwords. The application developers want to store the passwords In such a way that It will thwart rainbow table attacks. Which of the following Is the BEST solution?
A. SHA
B. Blowfish
C. ECC
D. Bcrypt
500064. Which of the following cryptography concepts Indicates that ciphertext Is significantly different than plaintext after It has been encrypted?
A. Diffusion
B. Obfuscatlon
C. Collision
D. Confusion
500065. Your organization Is Investigating possible methods of sharing encryption keys over a public network. Which of the following Is the BEST choice?
A. CRL
B. PBKDF2
C. Hashing
D. ECDHE
500066. An application developer is working on the cryptographic elements of an application. She needs to implement an encryption algorithm that provides both confidentiality and data authenticity. Which of the following cipher modes supports these goals?
A. CTM
B. CBC
C. ECB
D. GCM
500067. An organization hosts several web servers in a web farm used for e-commerce. Due to recent attacks, management is concerned that attackers might try to redirect web site traffic, allowing the attackers to impersonate their e-commerce site. Which of the following methods will address this issue?
A. Stapling
B. Perfect forward secrecy
C. Pinning
D. Key stretching
500068. Users within an organization frequently access public web servers using HTTPS. Management wants to ensure that users can verify that certificates are valid even if the public CAs are temporarily unavailable. Which of the following should be implemented to meet this need?
A. OCSP
B. CRL
C. Private CA
D. CSR
500069. A security auditor discovered that several employees in the Accounting department can print and sign checks. In her final report, she recommended restricting the number of people who can print checks and the number of people who can sign them. She also recommended that no one should be authorized to print and sign checks. Which security policy does this describe?
A. Discretionary access control
B. Rule-based access control
C. Separation of duties
D. Job rotation
500070. Your organization includes a software development division within the IT department. One developer writes and maintains applications for the Sales and Marketing departments. A second developer writes and maintains applications for the Payroll department. Once a year, they have to switch roles for at least a month. What is the purpose of this practice?
A. To enforce a separation of duties policy
B. To enforce a mandatory vacation policy
C. To enforce a job rotation policy
D. To enforce an acceptable use policy
500071. Your organization is considering storage of sensitive data with a cloud provider. Your organization wants to ensure the data is encrypted while at rest and while in transit. Which typeof interoperability agreement can your organization use to ensure the data is encrypted while in transit?
A. SLA
B. SPA
C. MOU
D. ISA
500072. You work as a help-desk professional in a large organization. You have begun to receive an extraordinary number of calls from employees related to malware. Using common incident response procedures, which of the following should be your FIRST response?
A. Preparation
B. Identification
C. Eradication
D. Recovery
500073. An incident response team is following typical incident response procedures. Which of the following phases is the BEST choice for analyzing an incident with a goal of identifying steps to prevent a reoccurrence of the incident?
A. Preparation
B. Identification
C. Eradication
D. Lessons learned
500074. You are helping your organization create a security policy for incident response. Which of the following choices is the BEST choice to include when an incident requires confiscation of a physical asset?
A. Ensure hashes are taken first.
B. Ensure witnesses sign an AUP.
C. Maintain the order of volatility.
D. Keep a record of everyone who took possession of the physical asset.
500075. Security personnel confiscated a user's workstation after a security incident. Administrators removed the hard drive for forensic analysis, but left it unattended for several hours before capturing an image. Which of the following could prevent the company from taking the employee to court over this incident?
A. Witnesses were not identified.
B. A chain of custody was not maintained.
C. An order of volatility was not maintained.
D. A hard drive analysis was not complete.
501001. You need to transmit PII via email and you want to maintain its confidentiality. Which of the following choices is the BEST solution?
A. Use hashes.
B. Encrypt it before sending.
C. Protect it with a digital signature.
D. Use RAID.
501002. Apu manages network devices in his store and maintains copies of the configuration files for all the managed routers and switches. On a weekly basis, he creates hashes for these files and compares them with hashes he created on the same files the previous week. Which of the following use cases is he MOST likely using?
A. Supporting confidentiality
B. Supporting integrity
C. Supporting encryption
D. Supporting availability
501003. Louie hid several plaintext documents within an image file. He then sent the image file to Tony. Which of the following BEST describes the purpose of his actions?
A. To support steganography
B. To support integrity
C. To support availability
D. To support obfuscation
501004. Management has mandated the use of digital signatures by all personnel within your organization. Which of the following use cases does this primarily support?
A. Supporting confidentiality
B. Supporting availability
C. Supporting obfuscation
D. Supporting non-repudiation
501005. As the CTO, Marge is Implementing a security program. She has Included security controls to address confidentiality and availability. Of the following choices, what else should she Include?
A. Ensure critical systems provide uninterrupted service.
B. Protect data-ln-transit from unauthorized disclosure.
C. Ensure systems are not susceptible to unauthorized changes.
D. Secure data to prevent unauthorized disclosure.
501006. Your organization wants to reduce the amount of money It Is losing due to thefts. Which of the following Is the BEST example of an equipment theft deterrent?
A. Snapshots
B. Cable locks
C. Strong passwords
D. Persistent VDI
501007. Your organization Is considering virtuallzatlon solutions. Management wants to ensure that any solution provides the best ROI. Which of the following situations Indicates that virtuallzatlon would provide the best ROI?
A. Most physical servers within the organization are currently utilized at close to 100 percent.
B. The organization has many servers that do not require fallover services.
C. Most desktop PCs require fast processors and a high amount of memory.
D. Most physical servers within the organization are currently underutilized.
501008. You are preparing to deploy a new application on a virtual server. The virtual server hosts another server application that employees routinely access. Which of the following Is the BEST method to use when deploying the new application?
A. Take a snapshot of the VM before deploying the new application.
B. Take a snapshot of the VM after deploying the new application.
C. Ensure the server Is configured for non-persistence.
D. Back up the server after Installing the new application.
501009. Ned Is not able to access any network resources from his Linux-based computer. Which of the following commands would he use to view the network configuration of his system?
A. Ifconfig
B. Ipconfig
C. netstat
D. tracert
501010. Administrators frequently create VMs for testing. They sometimes leave these running without using them again after they complete their tests. Which of the following does this describe?
A. VM escape
B. VDI snapshot
C. VM sprawl
D. Type II hypervlsor
501011. Users within your organization access virtual desktops hosted on remote servers. This describes which of the following?
A. VDE
B. Snapshots for non-persistence
C. Type I hypervisors
D. VM sprawl
501012. Your organization has implemented a VDI for most users. When a user logs off, the desktop reverts to its original state without saving any changes made by the user. Which of the following BEST describes this behavior?
A. Container virtualization
B. VM escape
C. Non-persistence
D. Elasticity
501013. Which type of virtualization allows a computer's operating system kernel to run multiple isolated instances of a guest virtual machine, with each guest sharing the kernel?
A. Container virtualization
B. Type I hypervisor virtualization
C. Type II hypervisor virtualization
D. VDE
501014. You are considering rebooting a database server and want to identify if it has any active networkconnections.Whichofthe following commands will list active network connections?
A. arp
B. ipconfig
C. ping
D. netstat
501015. You have configured a firewall in your network to block ICMP traffic. You want to verify that it is blocking this traffic. Which of the following commands would you use?
A. arp
B. ipconfig
C. netstat
D. ping
502001. Developers In your organization have created an application designed for the sales team. Salespeople can log on to the application using a simple password of 1234. However, this password does not meet the organization's password policy. Which of the following Is the BEST response by the security administrator after learning about this?
A. Nothing. Strong passwords aren't required In applications.
B. Modify the security policy to accept this password.
C. Document this as an exception in the application's documentation.
D. Direct the application team manager to ensure the application adheres to the organization's password policy.
502002. Ned is reviewing password security for employees of The Leftorium.The password policy has the following settings; • The password maximum age is 30 days. • The password minimum length is 14 characters. • Passwords cannot be reused until five other passwords have been used. • Passwords must include at least one of each of the following four character types: uppercase letters, lowercase letters, numbers, and special characters. Ned discovers that despite having this password policy in place, users are still using the same password that they were using more than a month ago. Which of the following actions will resolve this issue?
A. Create a rule in the password policy for the password minimum age to be 7 days.
B. Change the password history to 10.
C. Require the use of complex passwords.
D. Change the maximum age setting to 60 days.
502003. Your organization is planning to implement remote access capabilities. Management wants strong authentication and wants to ensure that passwords expire after a predefined time interval. Which of the following choices BEST meets this requirement?
A. HOTP
B. TOTP
C. CAC
D. Kerberos
502004. Your organization has decided to implement a biometric solution for authentication. One of the goals is to ensure that the biometric system is highly accurate. Which of the following provides the BEST indication of accuracy with the biometric system?
A. The lowest possible FRR
B. The highest possible FAR
C. The lowest possible CER
D. The highest possible CER
502005. Your organization recently updated an online application employees use to log on when working from home. Employees enter their username and password into the application from their smartphone and the application logs their location using GPS. Which type of authentication is being used?
A. One-factor
B. Dual-factor
C. Something you are
D. Somewhere you are
502006. A network includes a ticket-granting ticket server used for authentication. Which authentication service does this network use?
A. Shibboleth
B. SAML
C. LDAP
D. Kerberos
502007. Lisa Is a training instructor and she maintains a training lab with 18 computers. She has enough rights and permissions on these machines so that she can configure them as needed for classes. However, she does not have the rights to add them to the organization's domain. Which of the following choices BEST describes this example?
A. Least privilege
B. Need to know
C. Group-based privileges
D. Location-based policies
502008. Marge is reviewing an organization's account management processes. She wants to ensure that security log entries accurately report the identity of personnel taking specific actions. Which of the following steps would BEST meet this requirement?
A. Update ACLs for all files and folders.
B. Implement role-based privileges.
C. Use an SSO solution.
D. Remove all shared accounts.
502009. A recent security audit discovered several apparently dormant user accounts. Although users could log on to the accounts, no one had logged on to them for more than 60 days. You later discovered that these accounts are for contractors who work approximately one week every quarter. Which of the following is the BEST response to this situation?
A. Remove the account expiration from the accounts.
B. Delete the accounts.
C. Reset the accounts.
D. Disable the accounts.
502010. Members of a project team chose to meet at a local library to complete some work on a key project. All of them are authorized to work from home using a VPN connection and have connected from home successfully. However, they found that they were unable to connect to the network using the VPN from the library and they could not access any of the project data. Which of the following choices is the MOST likely reason why they can't access this data?
A. Role-based access control
B. Time-of-day access control
C. Location-based policy
D. Discretionary access control
502011. You need to create an account for a contractor who will be working at your company for 60 days. Which of the following is the BEST security step to take when creating this account?
A. Configure history on the account.
B. Configure a password expiration date on the account.
C. Configure an expiration date on the account.
D. Configure complexity.
502012. A company recently hired you as a security administrator. You notice that some former accounts used by temporary employees are currently enabled. Which of the following choices is the BEST response?
A. Disable all the temporary accounts.
B. Disable the temporary accounts you've noticed are enabled.
C. Craft a script to identify inactive accounts based on the last time they logged on.
D. Set account expiration dates for all accounts when creating them.
502013. Developers are planning to develop an application using role-based access control. Which of the following would they MOST likely include in their planning?
A. A listing of labels reflecting classification levels
B. A requirements list identifying need to know
C. A listing of owners
D. A matrix of functions matched with their required privileges
502014. A security administrator needs to implement an access control system that will protect data based on the following matrix: Document Type: Employment documents, Security Level: Private, Security Label: Employee; Document Type: Salary and compensation documents, Security Level: Private, Security Label: Payroll; Document Type: Internal phone listing documents, Security Level: Private, Security Label: Employee; (Note that this matrix only represents a subset of the overall requirements.) Which of the following models is the administrator implementing?
A. DAC
B. MAC
C. Role-BAC
D. ABAC
502015. Your organization is implementing an SDN. Management wants to use an access control model that controls access based on attributes. Which of the following is the BEST solution?
A. DAC
B. MAC
C. Role-BAC
D. ABAC
503001. Your organization's security policy requires that PII data-in-transit must be encrypted. Which of the following protocols would BEST meet this requirement?
A. FTP
B. SSH
C. SMTP
D. HTTP
503002. Marge needs to collect network device configuration information and network statistics from devices on the network. She wants to protect the confidentiality of credentials used to connect to these devices. Which of the following protocols would BEST meet this need?
A. SSH
B. FTPS
C. SNMPvS
D. TLS
503003. Lisa is enabiing NTP on some servers within the DMZ. Which of the following use cases is she MOST likely supporting with this action?
A. Support voice and video transmissions
B. Provide time synchronization
C. Enable email usage
D. Encrypt data-in-transit
503004. Your organization wants to increase security for VoIP and video teleconferencing applications used within the network. Which of the following protocols will BEST support this goal?
A. SMTP
B. TLS
C. SFTP
D. SRTP
503005. Management within your organization wants to ensure that switches are not susceptible tobswitching loop problems. Which of the following protocols is the BEST choice to meet this need?
A. Flood guard
B. SNMPV3
C. SRTP
D. RSTP
503006. A network technician incorrectly wired switch connections in your organization's network. It effectively disabled the switch as though it was a victim of a denial-of-service attack. Which of the following should be done to prevent this situation in the future?
A. Install an IDS.
B. Only use Layer 2 switches.
C. Install SNMPv3 on the switches. D. Implement SIP or RSTP.
503007. Developers recently configured a new service on ServerA. ServerA is in a DMZ and accessed by internal users and via the Internet. Network administrators modified firewall rules to access the service. Testing shows the service works when accessed from internal systems. However, it does not work when accessed from the Internet. Which of the following is MOST likely configured incorrectly?
A. The new service
B. An ACL
C. ServerA
D. TheVLAN
503008. You manage a Linux computer used for security within your network. You plan to use it to inspect and handle network-based traffic using iptables. Which of the following network devices can this replace?
A. Wireless access point
B. Firewall
C. Layer 2 switch
D. Bridge
503009. You need to implement anti-spoofing on a border router. Which one of the following choices will BEST meet this goal?
A. Create rules to block all outgoing traffic from a private IP address. B. Implement a flood guard on switches.
C. Add a web application firewall.
D. Create rules to block all incoming traffic from a private IP address.
503010. An organization has recently had several attacks against servers within a DMZ. Security administrators discovered that many of these attacks are using TCP, but they did not start with a three-way handshake. Which of the following devices provides the BEST solution?
A. Stateless firewall
B. Stateful firewall
C. Network firewall
D. Application-based firewall
503011. Which type of device would have the following entries used to define its operation? permit IP any any eq 80 permit IP any any eq 443 deny IP any any
A. Firewall
B. Layer 2 switch
C. Proxy server
D. Web server
503012. Your organization hosts a web server and wants to increase its security. You need to separate all web-facing traffic from internal network traffic. Which of the following provides the BEST solution?
A. DMZ
B. VLAN
C. Firewall
D. WAF
503013. Management at your organization wants to prevent employees from accessing social media sites using company-owned computers. Which of the following devices would you implement?
A. Transparent proxy
B. Reverse proxy
C. Nontransparent proxy
D. Caching proxy
503014. You need to configure a UTM security appliance to restrict traffic going to social media sites. Which of the following are you MOST likely to configure?
A. Content inspection
B. Malware inspection
C. URL filter
D. DDoS mitigator
503015. Your organization recently purchased a sophisticated security appliance that includes a DDoS mitigator. Where should you place this device?
A. Within the DMZ
B. At the border of the network, between the intranet and the DMZ
C. At the border of the network, between the private network and the Internet
D. In the internal network
504001. You are preparing to deploy a heuristic-based detection system to monitor network activity. Which of the following would you create first?
A. Flood guards
B. Signatures
C. Baseline
D. Honeypot
504002. Attackers have recently launched several attacks against servers in your organization's DMZ. You are tasked with identifying a solution that will have the best chance at preventing these attacks in the future. Which of the following is the BEST choice?
A. An out-of-band IPS B. An in-band IPS
C. A passive IDS
D. An out-of-band IDS
504003. Lisa oversees and monitors processes at a water treatment plant using SCADA systems. Administrators recently discovered malware on her system that was connecting to the SCADA systems. Although they removed the malware, management is still concerned. Lisa needs to continue using her system and it's not possible to update the SCADA systems. Which of the following can mitigate this risk?
A. Install HIPS on the SCADA systems.
B. Install a firewall on the border of the SCADA network.
C. Install a NIPS on the border of the SCADA network.
D. Install a honeypot on the SCADA network.
504004. Which of the following BEST describes a false negative?
A. An IDS falsely indicates a buffer overflow attack occurred.
B. Antivirus software reports that a valid application is malware.
C. A heuristic-based IDS detects a previously unknown attack.
D. An IDS does not detect a buffer overflow attack.
504005. Your wireless network includes one centralized AP that you configure. This AP forwards the configuration to other APs in your wireless network. Which of the following BEST describes these APs?
A. The centralized AP is a stand-alone AP and it configures fat APs in your network.
B. The centralized AP is a thin AP and it configures fat APs in your network.
C. The centralized AP is a controller-based AP and it configures stand-alone APs in your network.
D. The centralized AP is a fat AP and it configures thin APs in your network.
504006. You need to provide connectivity between two buildings without running any cables. You decide to use two 802.11ac APs to provide wireless connectivity between the buildings. Which of the following is the BEST choice to support this need?
A. Use omnidirectional antennas on both APs.
B. Use wide channels.
C. Use the 2.4 GHz frequency band.
D. Use directional antennas on both APs.
504007. You want to implement the STRONGEST level of security on a wireless network. Which of the following supports this goal?
A. Implementing WPA with TKIP
B. Disabling SSID broadcast
C. Enabling MAC filtering
D. Implementing WPA2 with CCMP
504008. Your organization is planning to implement a wireless network using WPA2 Enterprise. Of the following choices, what is required?
A. An authentication server with a digital certificate installed on the authentication server
B. An authentication server with DHCP installed on the authentication server
C. An authentication server with DNS installed on the authentication server
D. An authentication server with WEP running on the access point
504009. A security administrator is testing the security of an AR The AP is using WPA2. She ran an automated program for several hours and discovered the AP's passphrase. Which of the following methods was she MOST likely using?
A. IV attack
B. Disassociation attack
C. WPS attack
D. Evil twin attack
504010. Your wireless network name is myoffice. You disabled the SSID broadcast several days ago. Today, you notice that a wireless network named myoffice is available to wireless users. You verified that SSID broadcast is still disabled. Which of the following is the MOST likely reason for this behavior?
A. Evil twin attack
B. Disassociation attack
C. WPS attack
D. Jamming attack
504011. Mobile users in your network report that they frequently lose connectivity with the wireless network on some days, but on other days they don't have any problems. You suspect this is due to an attack. Which of the following attacks is MOST likely causing this problem?
A. Wireless jamming
B. IV
C. Replay
D. Bluesnarfing
504012. Management within your organization wants some users to be able to access internal network resources from remote locations. Which of the following is the BEST choice to meet this need?
A. NAC
B. VPN
C. IDS
D. IPS
504013. Your organization is planning to implement a VPN. They want to ensure that after a VPN client connects to the VPN server, all traffic from the VPN client is encrypted. Which of the following would BEST meet this goal?
A. Split tunnel
B. Full tunnel
C. IPsec using Tunnel mode
D. IPsec using Transport mode
504014. You are tasked with configuring authentication services settings on computers in your network. You are entering shared secrets on different servers. Which of the following services are you MOST likely configuring? (Select TWO.)
A. RADIUS
B. Kerberos
C. LDAP
D. EAP-TLS
504015. Your organization recently implemented a BYOD policy. However, management wants to ensure that mobile devices meet minimum standards for security before they can access any network resources. Which of the following agents would the MAC MOST likely have?
A. Permanent
B. Health
C. RADIUS
D. Dissolvable
505001. Attackers recently attacked a web server hosted by your organization. Management has tasked administrators with configuring the servers following the principle of least functionality. Which of the following will meet this goal?
A. Disabling unnecessary services
B. Installing and updating antivirus software
C. Identifying the baseline D. Installing a NIDS
505002. Network administrators have Identified what appears to be malicious traffic coming from an internal computer, but only when no one is logged on to the computer. You suspect the system is infected with malware. It periodically runs an application that attempts to connect to web sites over port 80 with Telnet. After comparing the computer with a list of applications from the master image, you verify this application is very likely the problem. What allowed you to make this determination?
A. Least functionality
B. Sandbox
C. Blacklist
D. Integrity measurements
505003. Security experts want to reduce risks associated with updating critical operating systems. Which of the following will BEST meet this goal?
A. Implement patches when they are released.
B. Implement a change management policy.
C. Use only trusted operating systems.
D. Implement operating systems with secure configurations.
505004. Your organization wants to ensure that employees do not install any unauthorized software on their computers. Which of the following is the BEST choice to prevent this?
A. Master image
B. Application whitelisting
C. Anti-malware software
D. Antivirus software
505005. A software vendor recently developed a patch for one of its applications. Before releasing the patch to customers, the vendor needs to test it in different environments. Which of the following solutions provides the BEST method to test the patch in different environments?
A. Baseline image
B. BYOD
C. Sandbox
D. Change management
505006. Managers within your organization want to implement a secure boot process for some key computers. During the boot process, each computer should send data to a remote system to check the computer's configuration. Which of the following will meet this goal?
A. Trusted Platform Module B. Hardware root of trust
C. Remote attestation □.Trusted operating system
505007. The Springfield Nuclear Power Plant has created an online application teaching nuclear physics. Only students and teachers in the Springfield Elementary school can access this application via the cloud. What type of cloud service model is this?
A. laaS
B. PaaS
C. SaaS
D. P u b l i c
505008. An organization has a critical SCADA network it is using to manage a water treatment plant for a large city. Availability of this system is important. Which of the following security controls would be MOST relevant to protect this system?
A. DLP
B. TPM
C. EMP
D. NIPS
505009. Bizzfad is planning to implement a CYOD deployment model. You're asked to provide input for the new policy. Which of the following concepts are appropriate for this policy?
A. SCADA access
B. Storage segmentation
C. Database security
D. Embedded RTOS
505010. A new mobile device security policy has authorized the use of employee-owned devices, but mandates additional security controls to protect them if they are lost or stolen. Which of the following meets this goal?
A. Screen locks and GPS tagging
B. Patch management and change management
C. Screen locks and device encryption
D. Full device encryption and laaS
505011. Management within your company wants to restrict access to the Bizz app from mobile devices. If users are within the company's property, they should be granted access. If they are not within the company's property, their access should be blocked. Which of the following answers provides the BEST solution to meet this goal?
A. Geofencing
B. Geolocation
C. GPS tagging
D. Containerization
D. Full device encryption and laaS
505012. Management within your company wants to Implement a method that will authorize employees based on several elements, Including the employee's identity, location, time of day, and type of device used by the employee. Which of the following will meet this need?
A. Geofence
B. Containerization
C. Tethering
D. Context-aware authentication
D. Full device encryption and laaS
505013. Lisa does not have access to the projectdoc file, but she needs access to this file for her job. Homer Is the system administrator and he has identified the following permissions for the file: rwx rw—  What should Homer use to grant Lisa read access to the file?
A. The chmod command
B. A remote wipe
C. Push notification
D. The chroot command
D. Full device encryption and laaS
505014. Management within your organization wants to prevent users from copying documents to USB flash drives. Which of the following can be used to meet this goal?
A. DLP
B. HSM
C. COPE
D. SED
D. Full device encryption and laaS
505015. Your organization hosts a web site with a back-end database. The database stores customer data, Including credit card numbers. Which of the following Is the BEST way to protect the credit card data?
A. Full database encryption
B. Whole disk encryption
C. Database column encryption
D. File-level encryption
506001. The Marvin Monroe Memorial Hospital recently suffered a serious attack. The attackers notified management personnel that they encrypted a significant amount of data on the hospital's servers and it would remain encrypted until the management paid a hefty sum to the attackers. Which of the following identifies the MOST likely threat actor in this attack?
A. Organized crime
B. Ransomware
C. Competitors
D. Hacktivist
506002. Dr.Terwilliger installed code designed to enable his account automatically if he ever lost his job as a sidekick on a television show.The code was designed to reenable his account three days after it is disabled. Which of the following does this describe?
A. Logic bomb
B. Rootkit
C. Spyware
D. Ransomware
506003. Lisa recently developed an application for the Human Resources department. Personnel use this application to store and manage employee data, including PII. She programmed in the ability to access this application with a username and password that only she knows, so that she can perform remote maintenance on the application if necessary. Which of the following does this describe? A. Virus
B. Worm
C. Backdoor
D.Trojan
506004. Dr. Terwilliger installed code designed to run if he ever lost his job as a sidekick on a television show. The code will create a new account with credentials that only he knows three days after his original account is deleted. Which type of account does this code create?
A. Backdoor
B. Logic bomb
C. Rootkit
D. Ransomware
506005. Security administrators recently discovered suspicious activity within your network. After investigating the activity, they discovered malicious traffic from outside your network connecting to a server within your network. They determined that a malicious threat actor used this connection to install malware on the server and the malware is collecting data and sending it out of the network. Which of the following BEST describes the type of malware used by the threat actor?
A. APT
B. Organized crime
C. RAT
D. Crypto-malware
506006. A security administrator recently noticed abnormal activity on a workstation. It is connecting to systems outside the organization's internal network using uncommon ports. The administrator discovered the computer is also running several hidden processes. Which of the following choices BEST describes this activity?
A. Rootkit
B. Backdoor
C. Spam
D. Trojan
506007. Lisa is a database administrator and received a phone call from someone identifying himself as a technician working with a known hardware vendor. The technician said he's aware of a problem with database servers they've sold, but it only affects certain operating system versions. He asks Lisa what operating system the company is running on their database servers. Which of the following choices Is the BEST response from Lisa?
A. Let the caller know what operating system and versions are running on the database servers to determine if any further action is needed.
B. Thank the caller and end the call, report the call to her supervisor, and independently check the vendor for issues.
C. Ask the caller for his phone number so that she can call him back after checking the servers.
D. Contact law enforcement personnel.
506008. Bart is in a break area outside the office. He told Lisa that he forgot his badge inside and asked Lisa to let him follow her when she goes back inside. Which of the following does this describe?
A. Spear phishing
B. Whaling
C. Mantrap
D. Tallgating
506009. While cleaning out his desk, Bart threw several papers containing PII Into the recycle bin. Which type of attack can exploit this action?
A. Vishing
B. Dumpster diving
C. Shoulder surfing
D. Tallgating
506010. Your organization recently suffered a loss from malware that wasn't previously known by any trusted sources. Which of the following BEST describes this attack?
A. Phishing
B. Zero-day
C. Open-source intelligence
D. Hoax
506011. A recent change in an organization's security policy states that monitors need to be positioned so that they cannot be viewed from outside any windows. Additionally, users are directed to place screen filters over the monitor. What is the purpose of this policy?
A. Reduce success of phishing
B. Reduce success of shoulder surfing
C. Reduce success of dumpster diving
D. Reduce success of impersonation
506012. Attackers recently sent some malicious emails to the CFO within your organization. These emails have forged From blocks and look like they are coming from the CEO of the organization. They include a PDF file that is described as a funding document for an upcoming project. However, the PDF is infected with malware. Which of the following BEST describes the attack type in this scenario?
A. Phishing
B. Spam
C. Trojan
D. Whaling
506013. A recent spear phishing attack that appeared to come from your organization's CEO resulted in several employees revealing their passwords to attackers. Management wants to implement a security control to provide assurances to employees that email that appears to come from the CEO actually came from the CEO. Which of the following should be implemented?
A. Digital signatures
B. Spam filter
C. Training
D. Heuristic-based detection
506014. A recent attack on your organization's network resulted in the encryption of a significant amount of data. Later, an attacker demanded that your organization pay a large sum of money to decrypt the data. Security investigators later determined that this was the result of a new employee within your company clicking on a malicious link he received in an email. Which of the following BEST describes the vulnerability in this scenario?
A. Ransomware
B. Untrained user
C. Resource exhaustion
D. Insider threat
506015. The CEO of a company recently received an email. The email indicates that her company is being sued and names her specifically as a defendant in the lawsuit. It includes an attachment and the email describes the attachment as a subpoena. Which of the following BEST describes the social engineering principle used by the sender in this scenario?
A. Whaling
B. Phishing
C. Consensus
D. Authority
507001. Attackers have launched an attack using multiple systems against a single target. Which type of attack is this?
A. DoS
B. DDoS
C. SYN flood
D. Buffer overflow
507002. An attacker has captured a database filled with hashes of randomly generated passwords. Which of the following attacks is MOST likely to crack the largest number of passwords in this database?
A. Dictionary attack
B. Birthday attack
C. Brute force attack
D. Rainbow tables
507003. An application stores user passwords in a hashed format. Which of the following can decrease the likelihood that attackers can discover these passwords?
A. Rainbow tables
B. MD5
C. Salt
D. Input validation
507004. An attacker has been analyzing encrypted data that he intercepted. He knows that the end of the data includes a template sent with all similar messages. He uses this knowledge to decrypt the message. Which of the following types of attacks BEST describes this attack?
A. Known ciphertext
B. Known plaintext
C. Brute force
D. Rainbow table
507005. An attacker is attempting to write more data into a web application's memory than it can handle. Which type of attack is this?
A. XSRF
B. DLL injection
C. Pass the hash
D. Buffer overflow
507006. Management at your organization is planning to hire a development firm to create a sophisticated web application. One of their primary goals is to ensure that personnel involved with the project frequently collaborate with each other throughout the project. Which of the following is an appropriate model for this project?
A. Waterfall
B. SDLC
C. Agile
D. Secure DevOps
507007. A web developer is adding input validation techniques to a web site application. Which of the following should the developer implement during this process?
A. Perform the validation on the server side.
B. Perform the validation on the client side.
C. Prevent boundary checks.
D. Implement pointer dereference techniques.
507008. Developers have created an application that users can download and install on their computers. Management wants to provide users with a reliable method of verifying that the application has not been modified. Which of the following methods provides the BEST solution?
A. Code signing
B. Input validation
C. Code obfuscation
D. Stored procedures
507009. Your organization is preparing to deploy a web-based application, which will accept user input. Which of the following will BEST test the reliability of this application to maintain availability and data integrity?
A. Model verification
B. Input validation
C. Error handling
D. Dynamic analysis
507010. You are overseeing a large software development project. Ideally, developers will not add any unauthorized changes to the code. If they do, you want to ensure that it is easy to identify the developer who made the change. Which of the following provides the BEST solution for this need?
A. Agile SDLC
B. Version control
C. Secure DevOps
D. Static code analysis
507011. Database administrators have created a database used by a web application. However, testing shows that the application is taking a significant amount of time accessing data within the database. Which of the following actions is MOST likely to improve the overall performance of a database?
A. Normalization
B. Client-side input validation
C. Server-side input validation
D. Obfuscation
507012. Looking at logs for an online web application, you see that someone has entered the following phrase into several queries: 'or'1'='l'~ Which of the following is the MOST likely explanation for this?
A. A buffer overflow attack
B. An XSS attack
C. A SQL injection attack
D. A DLL injection attack
507013. While creating a web application, a developer adds code to limit data provided by users.The code prevents users from entering special characters. Which of the following attacks will this code MOST likely prevent?
A. Man-in-the-browser
B. Amplification
C. XSS
D. Domain hijacking
507014. Homer recently received an email thanking him for a purchase that he did not make. He asked an administrator about it and the administrator noticed a pop-up window, which included the following code: <body onload="document.getElementBylD{'myform').submit()"> <form id="myForm"action="gcgapremium.com/purchase.php"method="post" <input name="Buy Now"value="Buy Now"/> </form> </body> Which of the following is the MOST likely explanation?
A. XSRF
B. Buffer overflow
C. SQL injection
D. Dead code
507015. Your organization recently purchased a new hardware-based firewall. Administrators need to install it as part of a DMZ within the network. Which of the following references will
provide them with the MOST appropriate instructions to install the firewall?
A. A regulatory framework
B. A non-regulatory framework
C. A general-purpose firewall guide
D. A vendor-specific guide
508001. A security expert is performing a risk assessment. She is seeking information to identify the number of times a specific type of incident occurs per year. Which of the following BEST identifies this?
A. ALE
B. ARO
C. SLE
D. WORM
508002. Lisa needs to calculate the ALE for a group of servers used in the network. During the past two years, five of the servers failed. The hardware cost to repair or replace each server was $3,500 and the downtime resulted in $2,500 of additional losses for each outage. What is the ALE?
A. $7,000
B. $8,000
C. $15,000
D. $30,000
508003. Martin is performing a risk assessment on an e-commerce web server. While doing so, he created a document showing all the known risks to this server, along with the risk score for each risk. What is the name of this document?
A. Quantitative risk assessment
B. Qualitative risk assessment
C. Residual risk
D. Risk register
508004. Your organization includes an e-commerce web site used to sell digital products. You are tasked with evaluating all the elements used to support this web site. What are you performing?
A. Quantitative assessment
B. Qualitative assessment C. Threat assessment
D. Supply chain assessment
508005. A penetration tester is running several tests on a server within your organization's DMZ. The tester wants to identify the operating system of the remote host. Which of the following tools or methods are MOST likely to provide this information?
A. Banner grabbing
B. Vulnerability scan
C. Password cracker
D. Protocol analyzer
508006. You need to perform tests on your network to identify missing security controls. However, you want to have the least Impact on systems that users are accessing. Which of the following tools Is the BEST to meet this need?
A. A syn stealth scan
B. Vulnerability scan
C. Ping scan
D. Penetration test
508007. You periodically run vulnerability scans on your network, but have been receiving many false positives. Which of the following actions can help reduce the false positives?
A. Run the scans as credentlaled scans.
B. Run the scans as non-credentlaled scans.
C. Run the scans using passive reconnaissance.
D. Run the scans using active reconnaissance.
508008. Your organization has a legacy server running within the DMZ. It Is running older software that Is not compatible with current patches, so management has decided to let It remain unpatched. Management wants to know If attackers can access the Internal network If they successfully compromise this server. Which of the following is the MOST appropriate action?
A. Perform a vulnerability scan.
B. Perform a port scan.
C. Perform a black box test.
D. Perform a penetration test.
508009. A penetration tester has successfully attacked a single computer within the network. The tester Is now attempting to access other systems within the network via this computer. Which of the following BEST describes the tester's current actions?
A. Performing reconnaissance
B. Performing the Initial exploitation
C. Pivoting
D. Escalating privileges
508010. You are troubleshooting Issues between two servers on your network and need to analyze the network traffic. Of the following choices, what Is the BEST tool to capture and analyze this traffic?
A. Network mapper
B. Protocol analyzer
C. Network scanner
D. SIEM
508011. A penetration tester Is tasked with gaining Information on one of your Internal servers and he enters the following command: "$ echo "" I nc -vv -n -w1 72.52.206.134 80" What Is the purpose-of this command?
A. Identify If a server Is running a service using port 80 and Is reachable.
B. Launch an attack on a server sending 80 separate packets In a short period of time.
C. Use Netcat to remotely administer the server.
D. Use Netcat to start an RDP session on the server.
508012. You suspect that an attacker has been sending specially crafted TCP packets to a server trying to exploit a vulnerability. You decide to capture TCP packets being sent to this server for later analysis and you want to use a command-line tool to do so. Which of the following tools will BEST meet your need?
A. WIredump
B. Tcpdump
C. Netcat
D. Nmap
508013. You suspect someone has been trying a brute force password attack on a Linux system. Which of the following logs should you check to view failed authentication attempts by users?
A. /var/log/btmp
B. /var/log/fall
C. var/log/httpd
D. /var/log/kern
508014. An organization has a large network with dozens of servers. Administrators are finding It difficult to review and analyze the logs from all the network devices. They are looking for a solution to aggregate and correlate the logs. Which of the following choices BEST meets this need?
A. Nmap
B. Netcat
C. WIreshark
D. SIEM
508015. Lisa has recently transferred from the HR department to payroll. While browsing file shares, Lisa notices she can access the HR files related to her new coworkers. Which of the following could prevent this scenario from occurring?
A. Permission auditing and review
B. Continuous monitoring
C. Vulnerability scan
D. Penetration testing
509001. After a recent attack on your organization's network, the CTO is insisting that the DMZ uses two firewalls and they are purchased from different companies. Which of the following BEST describes this practice?
A. Single-layer security
B. Vendor diversity
C. Control diversity
D. Redundancy
509002. Management within your organization wants to create a small network used by executives only. They want to ensure that this network is completely isolated from the main network. Which of the following choices BEST meets this need?
A. Airgap
B. Mantrap
C. Control diversity
D. Infrared motion detectors
509003. A security professional has reported an increase in the number of tailgating violations into a secure data center. Which of the following can prevent this?
A. CCTV
B. Mantrap
C. Proximity card
D. Cipher lock
509004. Lisa is the new chief technology officer (CTO) at your organization. She wants to ensure that critical business systems are protected from isolated outages. Which of the following would let her know how often these systems will experience outages?
A. MTTR
B. MTBF
C. RTO
D. RPO
509005. Thieves recently rammed a truck through the entrance of your company's main building. During the chaos, their partners proceeded to steal a significant amount of IT equipment. Which of the following choices can you use to prevent this from happening again?
A. Bollards
B. Guards
C. CCTV
D. Mantrap
509006. You are a technician at a small organization. You need to add fault-tolerance capabilities within the business to increase the availability of data. However, you need to keep costs as low as possible. Which of the following is the BEST choice to meet these needs?
A. Alternate processing site
B. RAID-10
C. Backups
D. Faraday cage
509007. Flancrest Enterprises recently set up a web site utilizing several web servers in a web farm. The web farm spreads the load among the different web servers. Visitor IP addresses are used to ensure that clients always return to the same server during a web session. Which of the following BEST describes this configuration?
A. Affinity
B. Round-robin
C. Virtual IP
D. Active-passive
509008. Your organization is planning to deploy a new e-commerce web site. Management anticipates heavy processing requirements for a back-end application. The current design will use one web server and multiple application servers. Which of the following BEST describes the application servers?
A. Load balancing
B. Clustering
C. RAID
D. Affinity scheduling
509009. Flancrest Enterprises recently set up a web site utilizing several web servers in a web farm. The web farm spreads the load among the different web servers by sending the first request to one server, the next request to the second server, and so on. Which of the following BEST describes this configuration?
A. Affinity
B. Round-robin
C. Airgap
D. Mantrap
509010. Flancrest Enterprises recently set up a web site utilizing several web servers in a web farm.The web servers access a back-end database. The database is hosted by a database application configured on two database servers. Web servers can access either of the database servers. Which of the following BEST describes the configuration of the database servers?
A. Active-passive
B. Round-robin
C. Affinity
D. Active-active
509011. Your organization has decided to increase the amount of customer data it maintains and use it for targeted sales. However, management is concerned that they will need to comply with existing laws related to PII. Which of the following should be completed to determine if the customer data is PII?
A. Privacy threshold assessment
B. Privacy impact assessment
C. Tabletop exercise
D. Affinity scheduling
509012. Your backup policy for a database server dictates that the amount of time needed to perform backups should be minimized. Which of the following backup plans would BEST meet this need?
A. Full backups on Sunday and full backups on the other six days of the week
B. Full backups on Sunday and differential backups on the other six days of the week
C. Full backups on Sunday and incremental backups on the other six days of the week
D. Differential backups on Sunday and incremental backups on the other six days of the week
509013. You are helping implement your company's business continuity plan. For one system, the plan requires an RIO of five hours and an RPO of one day. Which of the following would meet this requirement?
A. Ensure the system can be restored within five hours and ensure it does not lose more than one day of data.
B. Ensure the system can be restored within one day and ensure it does not lose more than five hours of data.
C. Ensure the system can be restored between five hours and one day after an outage.
D. Ensure critical systems can be restored within five hours and noncritical systems can be restored within one day.
509014. A security analyst is creating a document that includes the expected monetary loss from a major outage. She is calculating the potential impact on life, property, finances, and the organization's reputation. Which of the following documents is she MOST likely creating?
A. BCP
B. BIA
C. MTBF
D. RPO
509015. A security expert at your organization is leading an on-site meeting with key disaster recovery personnel. The purpose of the meeting is to perform a test. Which of the following BEST describes this test?
A. Functional exercise
B. Full-blown test
C. Tabletop exercise
D. Simulation to perform steps of a plan
510001. Bart recently sent out confidential data via email to potential competitors. Management suspects he did so accidentally, but Bart denied sending the data. Management wants to implement a method that would prevent Bart from denying accountability in the future. Which of the following are they trying to enforce?
A. Confidentiality
B. Encryption
C. Access control
D. Non-repudiation
510002. A software company occasionally provides application updates and patches via its web site. It also provides a checksum for each update and patch. Which of the following BEST describes the purpose of the checksum?
A. Availability of updates and patches
B. Integrity of updates and patches
C. Confidentiality of updates and patches
D. Integrity of the application
510003. A one-way function converts data into a string of characters. It is not possible to convert this string of characters back to the original state. What type of function is this?
A. Symmetric encryption
B. Asymmetric encryption
C. Stream cipher
D. Hashing
510004. An application developer is working on the cryptographic elements of an application. Which of the following cipher modes should NOT be used in this application?
A. CBC
B. CTM
C. ECB
D. GCM
510005. The following text shows the ciphertext result of encrypting the word "passed" with an uppercase P and a lowercase p: • Passed!—xnBKcndl+25mHjnafwi6Jw • passed!—RqMbHJqLdPE3RCuUU17FtA  Which of the following BEST describes the cryptography concept demonstrated by comparing the resulting ciphertext of both words?
A. Confusion
B. Diffusion
C. Key stretching
D. Security through obscurity
510006. Which of the following is a symmetric encryption algorithm that encrypts data 1 bit at a time?
A. Block cipher
B. Stream cipher
C. AES
D. DES
E. MD5
510007. A supply company has several legacy systems connected within a warehouse. An external security audit discovered the company is using DES for data-at-rest. It mandated the company upgrade DES to meet minimum security requirements. The company plans to replace the legacy systems next year, but needs to meet the requirements from the audit. Which of the following is MOST likely to be the simplest upgrade for these systems?
A. S/MIME
B. HMAC
C. 3DES
D. TLS
510008. Bart wants to send a secure email to Lisa, so he decides to encrypt it Bart wants to ensure that Lisa can verify that he sent it. Which of the following does Lisa need to meet this requirement?
A. Bart's public key
B. Bart's private key
C. Lisa's public key
D. Lisa's private key
510009. Bart wants to send a secure email to Lisa, so he decides to encrypt it He wants to ensure that only Lisa can decrypt it Which of the following does Lisa need to decrypt Bart's email?
A. Bart's public key
B. Bart's private key
C. Lisa's public key
D. Lisa's private key
510010. An organization requested bids for a contract and asked companies to submit their bids via email. After winning the bid, Acme realized it couldn't meet the requirements of the contract. Acme instead stated that it never submitted the bid. Which of the following would provide proof to the organization that Acme did submit the bid?
A. Digital signature
B. Integrity
C. Repudiation
D. Encryption
510011. Application developers are creating an application that requires users to log on with strong passwords. The developers want to store the passwords in such a way that it will thwart brute force attacks. Which of the following is the BEST solution?
A. 3DES
B. MD5
C. PBKDF2
D. Database fields
510012. Administrators have noticed a significant amount of OCSP traffic sent to an intermediate CA. They want to reduce this traffic. Which of the following is the BEST choice to meet this need?
A. Pinning
B. Digital signatures
C. Stapling
D. Hashing
510013. A web site is using a certificate. Users have recently been receiving errors from the web site indicating that the web site's certificate is revoked. Which of the following includes a list of certificates that have been revoked?
A. CRL
B. CA
C. OCSP
D. CSR
510014. An organization recently updated its security policy. One change is a requirement for all internal web servers to only support HTTPS traffic. However, the organization does not have funds to pay for this. Which of the following is the BEST solution?
A. Create code signing certificates for the web servers.
B. Create one wildcard certificate for all the web servers.
C. Create a public CA and issue certificates from it.
D. Create certificates signed by an internal private CA.
510015. An administrator is installing a certificate with a private key on a server. Which of the following certificate types is he MOST likely installing?
A. DER
B. P12
C. P7B
D. CRT
511001. Management within your organization wants to ensure that users understand the rules of behavior when they access the organization's computer systems and networks. Which of the following BEST describes what they would Implement to meet this requirement?
A. AUP
B. NDA
C. BYOD
D. DD
511002. Martin has worked as a network administrator for several years within your organization. Over time, he has been tasked with performing several jobs. Including database administration and application development. Security personnel are concerned that his level of access represents a serious risk. Which of the following is the BEST solution to reduce this risk?
A. Mandatory vacations
B. Exit Interview
C. Change management
D. Separation of duties
511003. After a recent security audit, management has decided to upgrade the security policy. Among other items, they want to identify a policy that will reduce the risk of personnel within an organization colluding to embezzle company funds. Which of the following is the BEST choice to meet this need?
A. AUP
B. Training
C. Mandatory vacations
D. Background check
511004. After a major data breach, Lisa has been tasked with reviewing security policies related to data loss. Which of the following is MOST closely related to data loss?
A. Clean desk policy
B. Legal hold policy
C. Job rotation policy
D. Background check policy
511005. An organization is preparing to hire additional network administrators. They decide to perform background checks on all personnel after obtaining written permission. Which of the following items is NOT appropriate to include in a background check?
A. Social media presence
B. Criminal background
C. Financial history
D. Medical history
511006. Dan has been working at your company as an accountant. However, after a disagreement with an executive, he decides to leave the company and work at the local mall. He has a user account allowing him to access network resources. Which of the following is the MOST appropriate step to take?
A. Ensure his account is disabled when he announces that he will be leaving the company.
B. Immediately terminate his employment.
C. Force him to take a mandatory vacation.
D. Ensure his account is disabled during his exit interview.
511007. Your organization is planning to implement an incident response plan in response to a new incident response security policy. Which of the following items is the FIRST step in an incident response process?
A. Preparation
B. Identification
C. Containment
D. Eradication
511008. Waylon reported suspicious activity on his computer. After investigating, you verify that his computer is infected with malware. Which of the following steps should you take NEXT?
A. Identification
B. Preparation
C. Containment
D. Eradication
511009. After a recent incident, a forensic analyst was given several hard drives to analyze. Which of the following should the analyst do FIRST?
A. Take screenshots and capture drive images.
B. Take hashes and screenshots.
C. Take hashes and capture drive images.
D. Perform antivirus scans and create chain of custody documents.
511010. You need to create an image of a large hard drive for forensic analysis from a Linux system. Which of the following will you MOST likely use?
A. hashing
B. screenshots
C. dd
D. logs
511011. The BizzFad company decides to partner with Costington's to bid on a contract. Management in both companies realize that they need to share proprietary data. However, they want to ensure that distribution of this data is limited within each of the companies. Which of the following will BEST meet this need?
A. MOU
B. BRA
C. NDA
D. ISA
511012. You are reviewing incident response procedures related to the order of volatility. Which of the following is the LEAST volatile?
A. Hard disk drive
B. Memory
C. RAiD-10 cache
D. CPU cache
511013. After learning that an employee had unauthorized material on his computer, management directed security personnel to confiscate his computer. Later, a security expert captured a forensic image of the system disk. However, he reported that the computer was left unattended for several hours before he captured the image. Which of the following is a potential issue if this incident goes to court?
A. Chain of custody
B. Order of volatility
C. Time offset
D. Screenshot
511014. Your organization is involved in a lawsuit. A judge issued a court order requiring your organization to keep all emails from the lastthreeyears. Your data retention policy states that email should only be maintained from the last 12 months. After investigating, administrators realize that backups contain email from the last three years. What should they do with these backups?
A. Backups older than 12 months should be deleted to comply with the data retention policy.
B. Backups for the last 12 months should be protected to comply with the legal hold.
C. Backups for the last two years should be protected to comply with the legal hold.
D. Backups for the last three years should be protected to comply with the legal hold.
511015. Your organization has decided to implement a more aggressive training and continuing education program using role-based training. Management wants to ensure that each role gets the necessary training based on the role. Which of the following BEST describes the responsibilities of data owners and indicates what training they need?
A. Ensuring data is backed up in accordance with the data policy
B. Ensuring data is classified and labeled correctly
C. Complying with laws related to privacy
D. Understanding common threats, such as malware and phishing attacks
500201. Homer needs to send an email to his supervisor with an attachment that includes proprietary data. He wants to maintain the confidentiality of this data. Which of the following choices is the BEST choice to meet his needs?
A. Digital signature
B. Encryption
C. Steganography
D. Hashing
50020. You are the security administrator in your organization. You want to ensure that a file maintains integrity. Which of the following choices is the BEST solution to meet your goal?
A. Steganography
B. Encryption
C. Hash
D. AES
500203. Which of the following accurately identifies primary security control types?
A. Role-based and discretionary
B. Technical and administrative
C. Confidentiality and availability
D. Encryption and hashing
500204. You recently started a new job in Information technology security. Your primary responsibilities are to monitor security logs, analyze trend reports, and install CCTV systems. Which of the following choices BEST identifies your responsibilities? (Select TWO.)
A. Hardening systems
B. Detecting security incidents
C. Preventing incidents
D. Implementing monitoring controls
500205. A security expert is identifying and implementing several different physical deterrent controls to protect an organization's server room. Which of the following choices would BEST meet this objective?
A. Using hardware locks
B. Utilizing data encryption
C. Performing a vulnerability assessment □.Training users
500206. An organization is implementing a feature that allows multiple servers to operate on a single physical server. Which of the following is the feature being implemented?
A. Virtualization
B. laaS
C. Cloud computing
D. DLP
500207. Lisa is using a Linux computer to monitor network traffic. She connected the computer to the mirror port of a switch and started the logging software. However, she found that the only traffic being collected is traffic to or from the Linux computer. She wants to collect all traffic going through the switch. Which of the following actions should she take?
A. Run the command ipconfig ethO promise
B. Run the command ifconfig ethO promise.
C. Reconfigure the switch.
D. Connect the computer to a router.
500208. Management has updated the security policy and it has changed the requirements for the password policy. The password policy needs to ensure that users change their passwords regularly and they cannot reuse their passwords. Which of the following settings need to be configured? (Select THREE.)
A. Maximum password age
B. Password length
C. Password history
D. Password complexity
E. Minimum password age
500209. Your organization has implemented a system that stores user credentials in a central database. Users log on once with their credentials. They can then access other systems in the organization without logging on again. Which of the following does this describe?
A. Federation
B. SAML
C. Single sign-on
D. Biometrics
500210. You are modifying a configuration file used to authenticate Linux accounts against an external server. The file includes phrases such as DC=Serverl and DC=Com. Which authentication service is the external server MOST likely using?
A. Diameter
B. RADIUS
C. LDAP
D. SAML
500211. A network includes a ticket-granting ticket server. Which of the following choices is the primary purpose of this server?
A. Authentication
B. Identification
C. Authorization
D. Access control
500212. Your organization has a strict policy requiring administrators to disable user accounts during the exit interview. This provides several security benefits. Which of the following choices BEST identifies a security benefit of this practice?
A. Ensures that user security keys are retained
B. Ensures that user files are retained
C. Ensures that the account can be enabled again if the employee returns
D. Ensures that users cannot log on remotely
500213. An administrator needs to grant users access to different servers based on their job functions. Which access control model is the BEST choice to use?
A. Discretionary access control
B. Mandatory access control
C. Role-based access control
D. Rule-based access control
500214. You configure access control for users in your organization. Some departments have a high employee turnover, so you want to simplify account administration. Which of the following is the BEST choice?
A. User-assigned privileges
B. Group-based privileges
C. Domain-assigned privileges
D. Network-assigned privileges
500215. The Mapple organization is creating a help-desk team to assist employees with account issues. Members of this team need to create and modify user accounts and occasionally reset user passwords. Which of the following is the BEST way to accomplish this goal?
A. Give each help-desk employee appropriate privileges individually.
B. Add members of the help-desk team to a security group that has the appropriate privileges.
C. Add each member of the help-desk team to the administrator group within the domain.
D. Assign attributes to members of the group and give these attributes appropriate privileges.
500216. Lisa wants to manage and monitor the switches and routers in her network. Which of the following protocols would she use?
A. NAT
B. SRTP
C. SNMPvB
D. DNSSEC
500217. Your organization has several switches within the network. You need to implement a security control to prevent unauthorized access to these switches. Which of the following choices BEST meets this need?
A. Disable unused ports.
B. Implement an implicit deny rule.
C. Disable STP.
D. Enable SSH.
500218. You are troubleshooting a network connectivity issue and find that when you try to ping a remote server, it fails. You suspect that an ACL within a router may be blocking some traffic.
Which of the following would give you this symptom?
A. The router is blocking DNS traffic.
B. The router is blocking ICMP traffic.
C. The router is blocking SSH traffic.
D. The router is blocking SFTP traffic.
500219. Your network currently has a dedicated firewall protecting access to a web server. It is currently configured with only the following two rules in the ACL: PERMIT TCP ANY ANY 443  PERMIT TCP ANY ANY 80 You have detected DNS requests and zone transfer requests coming through the firewall and you need to block them. Which of the following would meet this goal? (Select TWO. Each answer is a full solution.)
A. Add the following rule to the firewall: DENY TCP ALL ALL 53.
B. Add the following rule to the firewall: DENY UDP ALL ALL 53.
C. Add the following rule to the firewall: DENY TCP ALL ALL 25.
D. Add the following rule to the firewall: DENY IP ALL ALL 53.
E. Add an implicit deny rule at the end of the ACL.
500220. Your organization wants to combine some of the security controls used to control incoming and outgoing network traffic. At a minimum, the solution should include malware inspection, content inspection, and a DDoS mitlgator. Which of the following BEST meets this goal?
A. VLAN
B. NAT
C. UTM
D. DNSSEC
500221. Your email server Is getting overloaded with spam and much of it is malicious. You need to implement a solution that can help reduce the amount of spam reaching the email server. Which of the following is the BEST choice?
A. Reverse proxy
B. Media gateway
C. Web application firewall
D. Mail gateway
500222. Your organization has a dedicated classroom used for teaching computer classes. Students include internal employees and visiting guests. Security administrators recently discovered that students were unplugging the network cable from some classroom computers and plugging the network cable into their laptop computers, giving them access to network resources. Which of the following is the BEST solution to prevent this activity?
A. Flood guard
B. VLAN
C. Port security
D. Loop protection
500223. A HIDS reported a vulnerability on a system based on a known attack. After researching the alert from the HIDS, you identify the recommended solution and begin applying it. What type of HIDS is in use?
A. Network-based
B. Signature-based
C. Heuristic-based
D. Anomaly-based
500224. After recently adding additional network devices, administrators noticed an increased workload related to their IDS. Which of the following can cause an increased workload from incorrect reporting?
A. False negatives
B. False positives
C. Signature-based IDS
D. Behavioral-based IDS
500225. Lenny noticed a significant number of logon failures for administrator accounts on the organization's public web site. After investigating it further, he notices that most of these attempts are from IP addresses assigned to foreign countries. He wants to implement a solution that will detect and prevent similar attacks. Which of the following is the BEST choice?
A. Add a flood guard to the network.
B. Block all traffic from foreign countries.
C. Implement an IPS.
D. Disable the administrator accounts.
500226. You are assisting a small business owner in setting up a public wireless hot spot for her customers. Which of the following actions is MOST appropriate for this hot spot?
A. Using Open mode
B. Enabling MAC filtering
C. Disabling SSID broadcast
D. Installing directional antennas
500227. Jasper is setting up an 802.1 lac network at the Retirement Castle. He wants to provide the highest level of security. Which of the following would BEST meet his needs?
A. WPA2 with AES
B. WPA2withTKIP
C. WPA2 with SSL
D. WPA2 with MD5
500228. You are planning a wireless network for a business. A core requirement is to ensure that the solution encrypts user credentials when users enter their usernames and passwords. Which of the following BEST meets this requirement?
A. WPA2-PSK
B. WPA2 using CCMP
C. WPS with EAP-FAST
D. WPA2 with EAP-TTLS
500229. An attacker can access email contact lists on your smartphone. What type of attack is this?
A. Bluesnarfing
B. Bluejacking
C. Captive portal
D. WPS
500230. An organization is hosting a VPN. Management wants to ensure that all VPN clients are using up-to-date operating systems and antivirus software. Which of the following would BEST meet this need?
A. NAT
B. NAC
C. VLAN
D. DMZ
500231. A network administrator needs to update the operating system on switches used within the network. Assuming the organization is following standard best practices, what should the administrator do first?
A. Submit a request using the baseline configuration process.
B. Submit a request using the incident management process.
C. Submit a request using the change management process.
D. Submit a request using the application patch management process.
500232. What functions does an HSM include?
A. Reduces the risk of employees emailing confidential information outside the organization
B. Provides webmail to clients
C. Provides full drive encryption
D. Generates and stores keys used with servers
500233. The Shelbyville Nuclear Power Plant stores some data in the cloud using its own resources. The Springfield school system also has a cloud using its own resources. Later, the two organizations decide to share some of the educational data in both clouds. Which of the following BEST describes the cloud created by these two organizations?
A. Community
B. Private
C. Public
D. PaaS
500234. Ziffcorp is planning to eliminate its current BYOD policy and instead implement a COPE deployment model. You're asked to provide input for the new policy. Which of the following concepts are appropriate for this policy?
A. Encryption on employee-owned devices
B. HSM
C. ISA
D. Remote wipe
500235. Your organization is planning to implement a CYOD policy. Which of the following security controls will help protect data by isolating it?
A. Encrypt sensitive data
B. Storage segmentation
C. Full device encryption
D. Rooting
500236. Bart recently launched an attack on a company web site using scripts he found on the Internet. Which of the following BEST describes Bart as a threat actor?
A. Insider
B. Hacktivist
C. Script kiddie
D. Nation-state
500237. Recently, malware on a computer at the Monty Burns Casino destroyed several important files after it detected that Homer was no longer employed at the casino. Which of the following BEST identifies this malware?
A. Logic bomb
B. Rootkit
C. Backdoor
D. Adware
500238. A security administrator at a shopping mall discovered two wireless cameras pointing at an automatic teller machine. These cameras were not installed by mall personnel and are not authorized. What is the MOST likely goal of these cameras?
A. Tailgating
B. Dumpster diving
C. Vishing
D. Shouider surfing
500239. Maggie reports that she keeps receiving unwanted emails about mortgages. What does this describe?
A. Phishing
B. Spear phishing
C. Spam
D. Vishing
500240. Your organization has been receiving a significant amount of spam with links to malicious web sites. You want to stop the spam. Of the following choices, which provides the BEST solution?
A. Add the domain to a block list.
B. Use a URL filter.
C. Use a MAC filter.
D. Add antivirus software.
500241. Lisa received an email advertising the newest version of a popular smartphone. She's been looking for this smartphone, but can't find it anywhere else. This email includes a malicious link. Which of the following principles is the email sender employing?
A. Authority
B. Intimidation
C. Scarcity
D. Trust
500242. An IDS alerts on increased traffic. Upon investigation, you realize it is due to a spike in network traffic from several sources. Assuming this is malicious, which of the following is the MOST likely explanation?
A. A smurf attack
B. A spoofing attack
C. A DoS attack
D. A DDoS attack
500243. An application on one of your database servers has crashed several times recently. Examining detailed debugging logs, you discover that just prior to crashing, the database application is receiving a long series of x90 characters. What is MOST likely occurring?
A. SQL injection
B. Buffer overflow
C. XML injection
D. Zero-day
500244. A review of a web application discovered that the application is not performing boundary checking. Which of the following should the web developer add to this application to resolve this Issue?
A. XSRF
B. XSS
C. Input validation
D. Fuzzing
500245. Web developers are implementing error handling in a web site application. Which of the following represents a best practice for this?
A. Displaying a detailed error message but logging generic information on the error
B. Displaying a generic error message but logging detailed information on the error
C. Displaying a generic error message and logging generic information on the error
D. Displaying a detailed error message and logging detailed information on the error
500246. Developers have created an application that users can download and install on their computers. Management wants to provide users with a reliable method of verifying that the application has not been modified. Which of the following methods provides the BEST solution?
A. Code signing
B. Input validation
C. Code obfuscation
D. Stored procedures
500247. Some protocols include timestamps and sequence numbers. These components help protect against what type of attacks?
A. Amplification
B. Replay
C. SYN flood
D. Salting
500248. Looking at logs for an online web application, you see that someone has entered the following phrase into several queries: 'or'r='1'~ Which of the following provides the BEST protection against this attack?
A. Normalization
B. Proper error handling
C. Removing dead code
D. Stored procedures
500249. You need to calculate the ALE for a server. The value of the server is $3,000 and It has failed 10 times in the past year. Each time it failed, it resulted in a 10 percent loss. What is the ALE?
A. $300
B. $500
C. $3,000
D. $30,000
500250. A recent vulnerability scan reported that a web application server is missing some patches. However, after inspecting the server, you realize that the patches are for a protocol that administrators removed from the server. Which of the following is the BEST explanation for this disparity?
A. False negative
B. False positive
C. Lack of patch management tools
D. The patch isn't applied
500251. You suspect that a database server used by a web application does not have current patches. Which of the following is the BEST action to take to verify the server has up-to-date patches?
A. Network mapping
B. Port scan
C. Protocol analyzer
D. Vulnerability scan
500252. You suspect that a user is running an unauthorized AP within the organization's building. Which of the following tools is the BEST choice to see if an unauthorized AP is operating on the network?
A. Rogue system
B. Wireless scanner
C. Password cracker
D. Penetration test
500253. Your organization outsourced development of a software module to modify the functionality of an existing proprietary application. The developer completed the module and is now testing it with the entire application. What type of testing is the developer performing?
A. White box
B. Black box
C. Gray box
D. Black hat
500254. Your coworker tells you how recent attacks on the network have been disrupting services and network connectivity. He suggests that you use Nmap to run a vulnerability scan on the network and identify vulnerabilities. Which of the following should you do FIRST?
A. Create a network map.
B. Locate a network map.
C. Obtain an administrative account to run a credentialed scan.
D. Obtain authorization.
500255. Your organization's security policy states that administrators should follow the principle of least privilege. Which of the following tools can ensure that administrators are following the policy?
A. Permission auditing review
B. Risk assessment
C. Vulnerability assessment
D. Threat assessment
500256. You need to secure access to a data center. Which of the following choices provides the BEST
physical security to meet this need? (Select THREE.)
A. Biometrics
B. Cable locks
C. Mantrap
D. CCTV
500257. Your company wants to control access to a restricted area of the building by adding an additional physical security control that includes facial recognition. Which of the following provides the BEST solution?
A. Bollards
B. Guards
C. Retina scanners
D. Cameras
500258. An organization needs to improve fault tolerance to increase data availability. However, the organization has a limited budget. Which of the following is the BEST choice to meet the organization's needs?
A. RAID
B. Backup system
C. Hot and cold aisles
D. UPS
500259. You need to modify the network infrastructure to increase availability of web-based applications for Internet clients. Which of the following choices provides the BEST solution?
A. Load balancing
B. Proxy server
C. UTM
D. Content inspection
500260. Your backup policy for a database server dictates that the amount of time needed to restore backups should be minimized. Which of the following backup plans would BEST meet this need?
A. Full backups on Sunday and incremental backups on the other six days of the week
B. Full backups on Sunday and differential backups on the other six days of the week
C. Incremental backups on Sunday and differential backups on the other six days of the week
D. Differential backups on Sunday and incremental backups on the other six days of the week
500261. After a recent attack causing a data breach, an executive is analyzing the financial losses. She determined that the attack is likely to cost at least $1 million. She wants to ensure that this information is documented for future planning purposes. In which of the following is she MOST likely to document it?
A. DRP
B. BIA
C. HVAC
D. RTO
500262. An organization is considering an alternate location as part of its continuity of operations plan. It wants to identify a solution that provides the shortest recovery time. Which of the following is the BEST choice?
A. Cold site
B. Warm site
C. Hot site
D. Off-site backups
500263. You need to identify a method that can be used for data integrity. Which of the following choices will meet your needs?
A. AES
B. DES
C. RC4
D. SHA
500264. Users in your organization sign their emails with digital signatures. Which of the following provides integrity for these digital signatures?
A. Hashing
B. Encryption
C. Non-repudiation
D. Private key
500265. Network administrators in your organization need to administer firewalls, security appliances, and other network devices. These devices are protected with strong passwords, and the passwords are stored in a file listing these passwords. Which of the following is the BEST choice to protect this password list?
A. File encryption
B. Database field encryption
C. Full database encryption
D. Whole disk encryption
500266. An application developer needs to use an encryption protocol to encrypt credit card data within a database used by the application. Which of the following would be the FASTEST, while also providing strong confidentiality?
A. AES-256
B. DES
C. Blowfish
D. SHA-2
500267. A developer Is creating an application that will encrypt and decrypt data on mobile devices. These devices don't have a lot of processing power. Which of the following cryptographic methods has the LEAST overhead and will work with these mobile devices?
A. Elliptic curve
B. 3DES
C. PBKDF2
D. Bcrypt
500268. Your organization hosts a web site used only by employees. The web site uses a certificate issued by a private CA and the network downloads a CRL from the CA once a week. However, after a recent compromise, security administrators want to use a real-time alternative to the CRL Which of the following will BEST meet this need?
A. DSA
B. HMAC
C. CSR
D. OCSP
500269. You need to request a certificate for a web server. Which of the following would you MOST likely use?
A. CA
B. CRL
C. CSR
D.OCSP
500270. Your organization recently updated a security policy. It states that duties of network administrators and application developers must be separated. Which of the following is the MOST likely result of implementing this policy?
A. One group develops program code and the other group deploys the code.
B. One group develops program code and the other group modifies the code.
C. One group deploys program code and the other group administers databases.
D. One group develops databases and the other group modifies databases.
500271. Your organization wants to prevent damage from malware. Which of the following phases of common incident response procedures is the BEST phase to address this?
A. Preparation
B. Identification
C. Containment
D. Lessons learned
500272. A forensic expert is preparing to analyze a hard drive. Which of the following should the expert do FIRST?
A. Capture an image.
B. Identify the order of volatility.
C. Create a chain of custody document.
D. Take a screenshot.
500273. An administrator recently learned of a suspected attack on a Florida-based web server from IP address 72.52.206.134 at 01:45:43 GMT. However, after investigating the logs, he doesn't see any traffic from that IP at that time. Which of the following is the MOST likely reason why the administrator was unable to identify the traffic?
A. He did not account for time offsets.
B. He did not capture an image.
C. The IP address has expired.
D. The logs were erased when the system was rebooted.
500274. Social engineers have launched several successful phone-based attacks against your organization resulting in several data leaks. Which of the following would be MOST effective at reducing the success of these attacks?
A. Implement a BYOD policy.
B. Update the AUP.
C. Provide training on data handling.
D. Implement a program to increase security awareness.
500275. Security personnel recently released an online training module advising employees not to share specific personal information on social media web sites that they visit. Which of the following is this advice MOST likely trying to prevent?
A. Spending time on non-work-related sites
B. Phishing attack
C. Cognitive password attacks
D. Rainbow table attack
